05x32 - Heavy Weather (3)QuotePostby bunniefuu » 07/14/23 07:40Do you believe in the force of gravity?  We met for a reason.  Why?  How could this happen?  Why won't you let me die with Perla?  I can't suppress my rage.  We have a score to settle.  Weather, meet your end.  A man with no memoriesmight as well be dead.   EPISODE   : HEAVY FORECAST ( )   Dumbass!   Drive straight, idiot!   This better not be on purpose.   I can't even think about messing around!   Look, it's trying to eat me!   Weather…   What?   I sense Weather's presence near Pucchi's!   Are they together?   I can't tell,but they're near one another.   Weather!   What did you say? k*ll you?   -Yes.-Don't mess with me!   What is going on? Why do you say that?   In     ,   the same phenomenon struck my hometown.   What?   It seems that something deep withinmy heart is wreaking this havoc.   So your memories came back.   Then fix this mess!   I can't control this power.   k*ll me, and the Stand disappears.   I feel a sense of guiltabout turning people into snails,   but I abhor my life.   A part of me feels satisfiedto see this phenomenon.   You…   Jolyne better not be turning into a snail.   Try not to move.   I can't even begin to guess,   but it's likely that touching the snailstriggers metamorphosis.   Moreover,   I need someone to finish me off.   Stop with your bullshit.   Tell me where Jolyne is, right now!   I'll tell you after my scorewith Pucchi is settled.   Like I said, he is very close.   W-What?   He's here.   My sole purpose in life   is to settle my score with him.   I'm also doing this for F.F.   I have to stop Pucchifrom using Jolyne's father's memory.   It's time to put an end to everything.   I will finish off Pucchi.   Once I do, k*ll me.   Do you understand?   All right.   I also owe him one for F.F., too.   I'll see you through.   So where's the priest?   North? Or south?   It's not even a matter of the direction.   He's already here.   He's within our   -meter radius.   He's not underground.I checked with Diver Down.   Are you sure he's moving throughthese swarms of snails   to close in on us?   Weather Report!   There's no disruption in the air flow.   Nothing is breathing or moving.   What about inside the cars, Weather?   Weather!   I am painfully awareof your control over the weather.   Every living thing, animals, and insects,turns into snails in this phenomenon.   Once I learned how the weather works,   I no longer fear touching the snails!!   I now know why it happens.   When I extracted your memory in     ,   I overcame this Stand,though it almost cost me my life!   You…   Pucchi, you bastard!   You are also finished.   You should have servedyour prison sentence   instead of getting involvedwith Jolyne and me.   Dammit…   Why?   Why isn't Pucchi affected?   How do these snails work?   Tell me, Weather!   This will do.   If you are going to die, Weather,I hope it takes a few more hours.   That's why I blasted your leg off.   That should be enough time for your Stand   to eliminate anyone who gets in my way.   The one who will help me get to heaven,   it's none other than you, Weather.   The new moon rises in three days.   Then, everything will begin.   The thing that The Green Baby sought    and the heaven that Dio hoped to reachis inside my body.    I submerged Diver Down…    into Weather's body!    Weather Report!    Grab hold of the priest, Weather!    His Stand is inept at fighting!    Once you grab him, you can overpowerhim with your gust of wind!    Now, grab him! Don't let him get away!    What?    Weather!    Damn it, why am I turning?    I haven't touched any snails!    Pucchi!    What the hell did you do?    Tell me!    It's subliminal.    Like hidden words in a poster,    indiscernible wordsare incorporated in images.    Or a single frameis inserted into a film reel.    Though imperceptible they may be,    the subconscious retains that information.    That's the definitionof subliminal messaging in psychology.    It's an effect on the subconscious.    Subliminal messages easily enter the mindand stimulate instinct    more effectively than direct methods.    They powerfully influenceand take over human behavior.    Weather Report's rainbows    are sending subliminal messagesin the form of the weather.    The image is seeping into the heartsof everyone in the city.    Are images of snailshidden in the rainbows?    Do rainbows stimulate primitive instincts?    Anyone who sees the rainbow    starts to believe thatthey are turning into a snail.    This strong belief forces the bodyinto metamorphosis.    What? What did you just explain?    This is the answer.    It's the mechanism ofWeather Report's ability I sealed.    My hometown was affected by his powerslong ago.    When I saw a blind old womanunaffected by the phenomenon,    I realized how his ability works.    She was blind? That means…    Weather,    I don't need vision to see where you are.    I've extracted my sight,but I can sense you.    Let me tell you.    It's too late to close your eyes,Anasui.    Once the subliminal message settlesin your brain, you cannot undo its effect.    This phenomenon will not enduntil Weather dies.    I'll take the other leg, for good measure.    You will never stand again.    Diver Down!    Don't let your rash feelings take over.    We must all get to heaven.    My purpose can bringall human beings to heaven.    You are getting in my way.    You're letting a few deaths dictatethe fate of the masses!    Domine quo vadis?    You shall be crucified!    What… just stabbed me?    This is your doing, Weather.    What are you doing?    What is this sound?    What are you scheming to do?    This Weather Report abilityis something I can control.    I can take my time.What counts is that I form them.    They can be simple!    The blood was blown upwards,then frozen with a cold draft.    He's making spikes in the blood puddles.    The priest can't see them!    What will you choose?    Yes, it's your choice to stay blind,    but you may also choose to seewhat's happening for yourself!    Trip, and your life will end.    I'm coming for you now.    STAND NAME: PALE SNAKESTAND MASTER: FATHER PUCCHI    Pucchi, you have no way to escape.    Will you restore your sight?    Do it. I'll reflect the rainbowsright into your face.    Weather just has to grab Pucchi.    Pale Snake is no matchfor Weather Report.    Weather will win.    I knew you'd resist somehow.    No, you won't just let me leave.    Not after regaining those memories.    And yet!    Anasui!    Eyes are everywhere.    I used them to get this far.    Anasui, do me a favor.    Be my eyes.    Tell me what you see.    Tell me the dangers that surround me.    What is Weather doing?    He used his spilled blood to make spikesthat protrude from the ground.    Three spikes right behind you.    Four more to your right.    I see.    Will you guide me out of this spike trap?    Continue.    Take three steps,and six spikes lie ahead.    Turn left.    Weather.    You were cursed from the momentyou were born.    Stay down.    Your life is fated for doom.Nothing can save it.    It would've been betterif you had lost your memories forever.    Turn left and take five steps.    Face right, and you are out.    Okay. Five steps.    That's right. Five more steps.    Also, I just noticed this.    Since I can see it, I'll tell you.    There's one more spike.    I didn't notice it until nowsince I was looking down at the ground.    One of them pierced through your shoulder.    Weather is freezing your blood.    Oh, too late.    A cheap trick!    It's not a trick.    Weather is stronger than you.    Weather is going to win!    This wind pressure!    I must get out of Weather's att*ck range!    Just evade once.    He just has enough strength leftfor one att*ck!    Take your own blood spikes!    It's useless!    Weather can dodge your throw easily!    Yes, he will dodge.    When he does, the wind pressurewill shift its direction.    That's my chance to escape!    You're mine now.    I finally have you.    He didn't dodge.    Weather caught the priestby freezing more blood!    Weather has him in his range!    Is he dead?    Let go, Weather.    I had every chance to finish you offinside Green Dolphin Street Prison.    But… I hoped to save you one day.    That's why I took your memory only.    I'm not pleading for my lifeto save my own skin.    Prime numbers.    -I did it for you, my younger brother.-Two,    Three,    -It was for the ability to get to heaven.-Five.    Someone must reach heaven one day.    Seven.    -Don't do this, Weather.-Eleven.    -Stop trying to end your life and mine!-Thirteen.    Seventeen.    You do not realize your own evil.    You are the worst form of evil.    -Nineteen.-He's horrified.    The priest's face is frozen with despair.    Twenty-three.    Stop this, Weather. You are wrong!    You are nothing but a cursed man!    -And yet, I kept you alive!-You are finished now,    Father Pucchi!    What the hell are you doing?    I said I'll k*ll you ifyou do anything suspicious!    No! A dust storm suddenly started.    Something like a screw busted the tire!    I lost control!    He's close by.    We are close to Weather!    The priest too!    But something about the outside seems off.    You're right I can't see well,    but something issticking out of the ground.    Weather!    I know you're close by.Answer me, Weather!    What the hell are these things?    What happened here?    The priest is moving close to us.    We are extremely close to him.    We have to find Weather.We need to find him as soon as we can.    There's something horrific happening here.    Did Weather cause this dust storm?    Hasn't the priest turnedinto a snail by now?    I don't know.    I just know that he's here.Search for him!    Jolyne, I saw someone.    He's over this direction!    I can't tell whether it was Pucchi orWeather, but I definitely saw someone!    Jolyne, the wind is dying.    Also, my body is starting togo back to normal.    Does this mean…    Pucchi!    No, Jolyne.    We can't fully controlour bodies or Stands yet.    We lack the speedand strength to defeat him.    We have to find Weather first.    Defeat the priest,and we'll know where Weather is.    Stone Ocean!    Jolyne!    -What?-Weather!    No one can catch up to me now.    Spend your remaining dayswith your family and loved ones.    It's futile to come after me.    I will win.    Stop, Jolyne.    Anasui!    This isn't the priest.    The priest already left.    What?    This is a revelation.    That's not Pucchi either.It's a visage of the past.    This must be Pucchi's ability too.    Versus!    The priest    left a disc in his headduring the dust storm.    Pucchi's visage overlapped with his body.    This was the presence you sensed.    The priest had already finished him off.    This is a revelation.    Fate had chosen me.    -It is guiding me to heaven…-…in three days' time.    -If it hadn't, I would have been defeated…-Do you believe in the force of gravity?    You were drawn here by gravity.    Weather!    I told you. It's a visage.    -No one can catch up…-…to me now…    I'm no longer a snail. What happened?    Where's Weather, Anasui?    Where did Weather go?Ermes, where's Weather?    You don't sense his presence anymore?    You don't know where he is?    Emporio!    Ermes, call a doctor.    -The doctors should be back to normal.-Jolyne…    -Emporio!-Jolyne!    The wind has stopped blowing.    The rainbows are gone, Jolyne.    This can't be.    Does this have something to dowith our car accident?    Did this happen because we came?    Listen, Jolyne.    People say that I'm a cold-blooded k*ller.    At least, the newspapers said so,and I completely agree with it.    When they asked meif I would give my life for my parents,    I answered no.    I would still say the same.    My parents can't move my heart.    But…    I will give my life for the peoplewho brought me back to life.    Weather was one of these people.    This disc…    Right.    When Weather got impaled by Pale Snake,    he used his enemy's ability.    He used Pale Snaketo seal his ability inside a disc.    Jolyne…    Weather left this for you.    Weather came back to lifewhen he left the prison.    This is the proof.    He was truly happy the last few days.    Weather was already saved!    Weather…    I wish…    I wish we could talk just one more time.    I want to talk to youin the warm breeze again.
