05x21 - AWAKENQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/29/23 08:31You're done now. Those who control auto-tracking Stands… It's F.F.! Why are they at this Disciplinary Wing? He has a disc! Pale Snake is nearby! Where is he? No way… The one who threw it was… It can't be him! So the one who controls Pale Snake is… You are… Father Pucchi. F.F. feared one thing above all else. It wasn't the destruction of their body, but the elimination of their own intellect. I remember everything since the day I met Jolyne. The weird graffiti on prison phones, the lint-covered blankets on the bed, and the smell of garbage. The guard's shouts, the sounds of doors opening and closing, and the toilet flushing, even. Fooling around with Jolyne and the others and laughing together. I remember them all. But before I met Jolyne at the farm, though I lived there for years, all I can recall from that time are memories that are like a machine's. That's all. I followed orders without ever questioning why and spent the days guarding Pale Snake's discs. But now, I know that to live means to make memories. I fear losing them the most. Jolyne is on a mission to save her father and is willing to risk her life for the ones she cares about like Ermes. That's probably because she has good memories of them. That's what powers humans up. Memories give humans power to keep going at a cellular level. This is an understanding that I, F.F., lacked before meeting Jolyne. That's right. That is… That is what it means to be an intelligent being. Which do you prioritize? Is it me? Or is it finishing D an' G? You hesitated for a split second! That will cost you your life! I gave you intellect and a Stand. I am taking it back. When I think about Jolyne, I feel courage swelling up inside me. This is what memories do. This is… my intellect! What? No… Is F.F. planning to-- Their bodily fluids entered his body! Impossible… Am I… Looks like F.F. did it. They must have k*lled its User. Where is the fruit? What the hell? Does this mean that it's born? Is this what Pale Snake wanted? What the hell is this thing? Why was it given life? Why does it exist here? Were the prisoners mutated just to give life to this thing? Now that it's born, my body is no longer mutating. It stopped turning into a plant. You must not let F.F. escape! Read the memory inside the disc! Tell me the whereabouts of the spawn of Dio's bone! Will I even last  seconds when I'm exposed like this? I need water. I need to tell Jolyne who Pale Snake really is! sh*t. I have to tell her that he's the prison's chaplain, Father Pucchi! Are you trying to reach the faucet at the entrance? Before you go, I have one question for you! You can't escape my Stand! There's one thing I want to ask, F.F. It's a very simple question. Did you see it? Did you see the thing born at the Disciplinary Wing? How did it look? Was it a plant? Was it beautiful? What is a priest doing at a prison like this? I hope you understand that I'm asking the questions here. I can easily extract your memory and read it to understand what was born. But I wanted to know how you felt. Things like it looked soft or that it was beautiful are your opinions, and can't be read from a memory disc. Are you worried that the spawn will escape? You're afraid of losing it. Is it able to move already? How the hell should I know? I'd be more worried about it getting destroyed. No, maybe it's already done. Jolyne is with that mean assh*le, after all. If she's compelled to, she'll finish it off. It's impossible to defeat it. That will never happen. No one can destroy it, that much I know well. My only concern is Jolyne causing trouble and losing it. Jotaro's memory alone is enough to control the birthed creature, and I have his memory. We are so close to the end. What is it shaped like? Did it grow faster than you expected? I thought it was gonna drown in water. And then, what else was there? Let's see… It's stalling for time! Turn around! I did it! My soul isn't in my head, it's over there. I have water now! I can go tell Jolyne everything! Your soul, you say? No matter where your intelligence lies, you're not the one making decisions here. I am the one who endowed you with a Stand ability. You filthy plankton! Don't you dare give me explanations, as if you know better than I do! My body! This water… What is streaming out of it? No, it can't be! It's steaming hot water. No aquatic organism on earth can dwell in water hotter than  degrees Celsius. A different Stand ability that turns water into hot water… …was inserted into this thing. Only I get to decide where your intellect lies. You are using your own ability to turn the water you touch into boiling hot water! Jolyne! STAND NAME: GREEN, GREEN, GREEN HOME STAND MASTER: THE GREEN BABY Where is it? Where did it fall? sh*t, don't tell me it drowned. No… Does it have a mind of its own? Since it's trying to escape? No… Instinct is its only drive. I don't know whether it's a plant or not, but I don't want it to go anywhere. I can't let Pale Snake have it. Jolyne! Wait, Jolyne! Don't move, look at the rock by your foot! Listen closely. Don't take another step. Turn around and look at me. When the pebble rolled over here, it turned into a rock. Meanwhile, Jolyne, you grew smaller. Stop! I said don't go near it! What just happened, Anastasia? Why did you grow shorter? -What's going on, Anastasia? -Stay calm, Jolyne. By the way, how big does that baby look to you? It hasn't changed. Its size is the same as before. Anastasia, it looks like you are the one who grew shorter to me. What's going on? The baby's size looks about average to me too. Only the pebble we kicked over got smaller. Jolyne, don't move. Stay right where you are. You're back to normal. Do you think that this is the baby's ability? The closer we get to the baby, the shorter we grow. I don't have a clue. That's a heavy line of questioning. Now listen, if we get halfway to the baby, my height shrinks by half. That means we have to walk twice as much. Okay. Furthermore, if we get a fourth of the way to the baby, then the distance grows by four times. At one-eighth, we walk eight times as much. /nd, /th, /th… Our body will keep shrinking, while the distance multiplies more and more. Here is the question. Will we ever reach that baby? I say no, not in an eternity. But in order to get my father's memory back, I have to get the baby. -Jolyne. -Anastasia, we'll think after we've done everything we can! It's her focus. The way Jolyne can fixate towards one goal. I'm here because I'm drawn to the way she focuses on one thing. The ability to concentrate enhances a person's beauty. Those eyes… In time, I'll have you gaze at me with that intense focus of yours. Stone Ocean! I'm about to reach it! I can catch it! It's no use, Jolyne. Pull your thread back! There is no way to reach the baby! I can't give up! There has to be an end. I mean, it's right there! What do you say to jumping off from here? If I do, I'll reach an end point. The ground is the finishing point. I have to land at some point! Stop, Jolyne! Don't-- Yes! The ground is right there! I can almost reach it! What's happening? My string… What the hell is that? Don't tell me… Is this the baby's Stand? Damn, haven't I reached the ground yet? It hasn't only grown in size, but in power as well! Its power has multiplied! This Stand… It appeared just to drag me down, so I won't ever escape this never-ending fall! Stone Ocean! If this is the baby's ability, then catching the Stand is the same as catching the User! I'm shrinking! It's trying to reduce me to nothing! The end I thought I'd reach wasn't the ground. It was this Stand! Diver Drive. The closer you get to the baby, the smaller you get. Eventually, you will be reduced to nothing. I don't know why a baby with such a powerful Stand was born, but I know he will be an enemy someday. Jolyne, this baby is your enemy. But… if there's no way to defeat it, then I really can't let Pale Snake have it. Anastasia, hold on tight! It threw the rock! Does that mean… that it's thinking for itself? The baby is now deliberately using its ability! It's coming. Climb! We need to escape as fast as possible! Run! No matter how much we chase it, we will never reach that baby. But at least, we caught the Stand. Jolyne, do you still not see what we were climbing toward? It was a gamble. The baby is intelligent and curious. Earlier, it touched the bottle I threw. When the baby chooses to touch an object, its size stays the same. In other words, the bottle's size hasn't changed. If we can't catch the baby, we'll have the baby chase after us. We finally reached the bottle. The Stand is inside the bottle now. All we have to do now is trap it inside the bottle! But… how are we getting out of here? I'm having Diver Drive enter the bottle's wall. It's bringing the mouth to us. Let's go, Jolyne. Run for it! We finally caught it. We got its User, the baby too. It's changing its position. It's using the bottle to charge forward! Anastasia! Stone Ocean! Jolyne! You can't break the bottle. We'll be worse off if we have to face the Stand! Did the baby have this in mind when it rolled the bottle? sh*t, we're in deep trouble now! -Don't break the bottle! -But… At this rate, you're done for! Anastasia, look… What the hell? What's going on? Jolyne, looks like… it's interested in the star-shaped birthmark on your left shoulder. Since it touched you, we turned back to our original size. The baby has the same birthmark on its shoulder. What's going on? The baby acts like it has known Jolyne for a long time. Hey, it looks as if it likes me. What should I do? It likes her? No, that's not it. I have no doubt about it. He will turn against us. I can only sense endless darkness from this baby's ability. Yes, we may need this baby to retrieve your father's disc from Pale Snake, but I must k*ll it while I can.
