05x11 - Operation Savage Garden (Head to the Courtyard!) (2) / Operation Savage Guardian (Head to the Courtyard!) (2)QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/29/23 08:21I have obtained a disc. Just one of them. We can bring him back. I just know that the discs will bring him back. Let's call it Operation Savage Guardian for now. You should take him. He can aid your cause. His name is Weather Forecast. Jumpin' Jack Spark! Weather Forecast! But where did he go? I need to get the disc back! EPISODE : OPERATION SAVAGE GUARDIAN (HEAD TO THE COURTYARD!) () Emergency alarm activated. Corridor B. -Yes, that's correct. Corridor B. -Emergency alarm activated. We are awaiting reports. Did something happen? We aren't sure as of yet. But Corridor B's sole function is for access to the factory. There is no possibility that it is a fire or a prisoner riot. Rest assured. Yes, indeed. I trust this prison and the prisoners. With all the commotion, curiosity got the better of me. Surely, you are aware that no prisoner has managed to escape from this prison for  years. Furthermore, the courtyard is outside of Corridor B. No prisoner would choose to escape from there, of all places. You're quite right. Leave the rest to us, Father. I'll be off then. Just one more thing out of curiosity… Is the clock on the wall accurate? Yes, of course. It is now : a.m. It's almost lunchtime. : a.m.  A call to The Speedwagon Foundation. I have the usual request. I'd like access to the collect call list and the recorded conversations. Women's prison, phone booth . The call from about seven minutes ago. Weather Forecast. Since you touched me, you are now weightless too. I don't see our enemy anywhere. We need to retrieve the disc right away. Stay calm. He must be within this laundry room. He is lurking somewhere. The courtyard is past that door. You are trying to reach that door, but it is most likely locked. You might need to blast it, or force it open somehow. There's... A slight problem... I know now's not the time for this… It's a personal thing… But it's urgent, and I need to go now. So, like… I don't know why it suddenly so suddenly. But, well… It's something that happens to everyone! What is this about? Well, it's the P-word related to the pelvic area. I'm just glad it's not "number two." You know, the biological phenomenon! You need to take a piss? No need to say it up close. I'm serious. I need to go. Just pick any corner. Dammit, why did I even try talking to a guy about this? I have relieved myself already. See? It's floating over there. In zero gravity, the blood in your body will suddenly collect in your head. Blood that is usually in the lower parts of the body due to gravity. The space between the skin and the bone is swollen and squishy with blood. It's called a "moon face." However, it's dangerous when too much blood goes to your head. The kidney automatically works harder to reduce the amount of blood. This triggers an acute diuretic effect. It attempts to thin the blood content by expelling salt. -But-- -Don't worry. I'll use my clouds to absorb your urine. What? Hey, wait, what are these droplets? They're leaking out of your cloud! Weather Forecast! No, that's not it. It's being sucked out through the gap in the wall! Me too. Blood from the wound I got earlier. My nose won't stop bleeding! I'm having difficulty breathing… No, it can't be! Jolyne! Everything I touch becomes zero gravity. I touched the walls leading to the door. That means the whole room is unaffected by gravity! The air! Air can't stay in zero gravity! It'll get pulled by the surrounding gravity, and it'll escape! We need to close up the gap! Otherwise, we'll suffocate to death! Jolyne, you're wrong. Suffocation isn't our primary concern. The blood in our bodies will boil first, leading to our death. In a vacuum, blood boils up like water. In a zero-gravity vacuum, people's blood will dry up in  seconds, before even suffocating. I'll reload my b*ll*ts. We'll get sh*t. We must hide somewhere! What are you saying? I'm bleeding out of my nose! We need to stop the air! Weather Forecast! Just take shallow breaths. I gathered what little air is remaining in this room, and covered our bodies with clouds. Cloud suits. The room is almost a complete vacuum. This is all the remaining air. Your nosebleed has stopped. How long can we keep breathing? I wish I didn't have to answer that. I'd say about two minutes. It's a cloud suit on the verge of death. If we don't defeat our enemy within that time, we'll be thrown into the vacuum, right? Precisely. Where is he? We must find him. Whether we act or not, his att*ck will finish us both. Hey, now that my nosebleed has stopped, I notice something. Listen, Jolyne. I said two minutes, but it could be one! We must find him immediately! Carbon dioxide is increasing as we speak! The laundry hampers. They aren't floating. The hampers over there. I touched the walls, shutters, and floor of this room. That's why the whole room entered zero gravity, and everything is floating. But why are those hampers and barrels not floating, and attached to the floor? Also, that enemy. How is he breathing in a vacuum? Shouldn't his blood be boiling over? In other words, that's the range of his ability. There is a distance range to this zero gravity. It's not the entire room! An att*ck range! From here to the hampers is about  meters or so. Zero gravity ends there. If we can get there, there will surely be normal air! You must go, Weather Forecast. He is outside of the vacuum range. If you do not control the air now, we will never reach our enemy. You may be correct. Outside that hamper… Go, Weather Forecast. The pressure in the suit is becoming strange. Go before this cloud suit disperses into the vacuum! Don't think you can get out of my att*ck range! He's gonna sh**t him down! I won't let you! I'll protect Weather Forecast! STAND NAME: WEATHER FORECAST STAND MASTER: WEATHER FORECAST He's coming around us! I'll charge ahead! He's going to reach air in a few meters. Once Weather Forecast gets air, he's going to corner you! If you want air that bad, you can have it. No need to even reach the hampers. I just now completed my att*ck. I wasn't trying to ricochet the b*ll*ts to injure him. I sh*t the barrel itself! A bit of air is left in the barrel. Highly pressurized air on the verge of expl*si*n, that is! Weather Forecast! He was pushed back to zero gravity. He is done for. He won't be able to gain enough force to stop the momentum. Weather Forecast! This is it. The suit itself is about to collapse! Jolyne! How reckless! You must go back! He'll sh**t you down! That thrust itself will dissipate your suit! She makes incredibly quick decisions. She charged into that bastard to stop his movement, and to push him outside of the zero gravity again! However, I won't let you through! I already know. Your Stand is very powerful. My rotating b*ll*ts aren't fast enough, and would get flicked away in defense. That's why I've been preparing. I've looked for them. I'd captured them away from view. There were quite a lot. Rats! They're alive! Could they be… Stone Ocean! Push them away! I can't see! Okay! I did not expect you to fight against my ability like this. This is checkmate. You're finished, Jolyne Cujoh! My mission is now complete! Jumpin' Jack Spark is the best. I feel invincible. I'm glad I was imprisoned here. With this ability I obtained here, there is nothing I can't do in this world. My future is rosy! I will hand this disc over to Pale Snake. I can defeat him too, if I wanted to. WIth my own hands! I knew it… I knew you'd do it. I was waiting for you to reload. I was waiting with my threads ready for you to reload your g*n. And you sh*t at me. These threads! When the hell did you do this?! Stone Ocean! What? You are the one in a complete vacuum. And now, without a suit, your blood will boil up and explode faster than us! We won! If you don't want to die, you must deactivate the zero gravity immediately! Dammit! The crime that put me in this prison… How many times did I s*ab her? When I k*lled the female professor, the prosecutor said I stabbed her  times. That compulsion. It's surging within me once more. sh*t. I won't let you underestimate me. That bitch! A reaction between hydrogen peroxide and manganese dioxide produces oxygen. Just like the oxygen in this bottle, it keeps coming out! My urge to slaughter someone like back then! Take this! I'll make a headstone out of your piss-soaked body with this glass! Jolyne Cujoh, your blood vessels will rupture first since you are covered in wounds! I got incarcerated for m*rder. I will k*ll you and leave this place an invincible man! Take this. This will be sufficient just to take the disc back from that bastard. Weather Forecast! What? Dammit! My body is at its limit! If I deactivate my ability, the air will rush in. I may be able to escape using the impact! Zero gravity, deactivate! Jumpin' Jack Spark! You should've deactivated it the first chance you had. The change in air pressure might have let you escape. If only you had deactivated it while you still had distance from Stone Ocean. The air is blowing you back toward me! How much longer until The Speedwagon Foundation arrives? Three minutes? Or two minutes? There is a corridor past this door. Alongside the right wall, there are windows that look out to the courtyard. There, you'll be able to see a revolving door's gate. This gate leads to the courtyard. The gate is accessible during the day and is unlocked. The next challenge is how to go about opening this door. I'll get a prison guard to open it. We have his work permit. We'll trick them into opening it. I see. Once the door opens, you'll knock the guards out and force your way to the courtyard. Very well. Not only will you be charged with attempted escape, but you'll also receive solitary confinement for six months where you cannot even exercise sufficiently. That's fine. I'll go to the courtyard and hand this disc over to someone from The Speedwagon Foundation. That's my only mission in life right now. The guards are coming. Weather Forecast, go find somewhere to hide. I'll go by myself from here. You're severely wounded, and if the guards see your injury, they might lock the gate. Very well. I understand. What is it? Why are you knocking? It's you. "It's you"? What is it, Rangler? What is this noise about? Hold still. I'll open the door. If you are returning to the men's prison, Lang Rangler, how about we stop by the chapel on the way? I'd like to speak to you. It's not a guard! Who is he? He's neither a guard nor a prisoner! What could his attire mean?
