05x36 - Made in Heaven (1)QuotePostby bunniefuu » 07/14/23 07:43What?  Jotaro Kujo…  It's over.  You have no allies left.  You will be defeated beforethe new moon arrives!  You're mistaken, Emporio.  As I thought, fate…  gives me trials, yet sides with me.  Ermes,   pick up the g*n and sh**t him.   C-Moon!   Star Platinum: The World!   Once the time starts again,   the harpoon will impale you.   The harpoon missed.   He dodged during my time stop.   That priest…   He's unharmed.   The Space Shuttle is in the air!   The priest is insidethe exhibition Shuttle!   Damn…   he's not only trying to get away.   Don't tell me…   he learned somethingthat he shouldn't have,   a condition that will allow himto complete his Stand!   It is you who broughtthis Pucchi to heaven.   All this time, even in prison,my allies were you.   Father in Heaven,   guide me!   Watch over me,   that I shall not stray from my path.   I give myself to thee!   Yes, I feel it!   The position! It's here!   EPISODE   : Made in Heaven ( )   I felt the power surge at the positionwhere I dodged Jotaro's harpoon.   You, the Joestar bloodline,helped me reach heaven!   Look!   It's Anasui!   He's found his wayonto the Shuttle's outer shell!   Eat this! Diver Down!   My ability is no longer C-Moon.   At last, the time for heaven has come.   My ability is complete!   The power of gravity   radiates throughout my body!   Rot in hell,   you scumbag!   It's news at noon.   The incident on the State Road    at Cape Canaveral   has accounted for  ,    casualties.   It was originally believed to becaused by road cave-ins,   however, there seems to beother underlying causes.   Helicopters have crashed,and rescue missions have failed.   We will continue to reportafter the break.   Where are we?   What was that?   Where's Anasui?   What is going on?   Where's Anasui?   Are you worried about me, Jolyne?   I'm touched that you care about me.   But first, we need to find the priest.   He was engulfed by light,and I lost sight of him.   We have to find the Space Shuttle, now!   The Shuttle is right over there.   The Shuttle hasn't moved,   but we have.   We shifted about     metersfrom where we were.   Just a moment ago,   we were on the other sideof that building.   I hate to point this out, Jotaro,   but I didn't feel any impactmoving us here.   Did anyone see anything?   We must have been blasted to this sideby the reversed gravity.   The direction of gravitywent back to normal a moment ago.   Besides, Pucchi saidhe no longer has C-Moon.   Jolyne, where is the priest?   Can you sense where he is?   I can sense that he's close,but that's about it.   His location and directionare undetectable.   I can't tell.   What bothers me more   is how Pucchi saw my harpoon.   He eyed the Star Platinum harpoonin stopped time.   He saw the harpoon, so he evaded it.   But how?   I get it now.   The priest was just talking nonsense.   The time of heaven,completing his Stand, whatever!   He was just bluffing.   He just used trickery to deceive us,so that he can hide.   He thinks he can completely lose us now.   Ermes,   it's in your best interestnot to step in there.   -What?-Stay in an open area.   This rain will soon…   I'm… drenched.   What's going on, guys?    Ermes?    What are you doing?    It's this a*t*matic door!    It's super fast!    What the hell?    It's snapping shut like a hydraulic press!    I'm dry.    I was soaked a moment ago.    What the hell is going on?    Watch your head, Ermes.    What?    It's time for the evening news.    We have a developing story    on the State Road     incidentat Cape Canaveral.    Oh? Um, my apologies.    I almost skipped the break.    Wait, the break ended already?    The sun…It's dusk!    Well, can I have chocolate nuts, caramel,    strawberry chocolate chips, and mint?    Oh, and top it off with orange vanilla.    That'll be six dollars.    What the…    Strike!    Wow, look at this rookie go!    He's been named our MVP!    Oh, am I actually that good?    The tissue hardened.    Ouch…    It's stuck to my nose!    Barry, go graba   -kilogram chunk of meat.    On it, boss.    He finally got a hit!    Unfortunately, it's a pitcher's fly!    What happened?    He's bleeding like crazy!    How did his blood get everywhere?    We lost control!    We're crashing at top speed!    But the readings are all within range!    We're dead.    Pull up!    What was that?    What in the world is happening?    Ermes!    It wasn't a bluff.    The priest wasn't just telling liesto get away.    And my blood…    I haven't stopped bleeding,    but my blood is already dry.    Fresh blood is drying up!    Jolyne, look at the blood on your face.    It's drying up and crusting!    You're right.    What could be causing this?    This can't be…    It must have started at that moment!    The priest has been executing his abilitysince he was in the Shuttle!    All things are movingat an incredible speed!    Everything in this world,    not only man-made things,but things in nature too!    The sun is already down!    The stars are beginning to come out!    Is this his completed ability?    STAND NAME: STAR PLATINUMSTAND MASTER: JOTARO KUJO    What in the world is going on?    This is caused bythe priest's new ability.    sh*t!    The stars and the clouds are drifting    like special effects in a movie!    Is this the priest'sfully developed ability?    There's more.    Time. It's accelerating!    Time is passing faster and faster!    In this situation, is he the only one?    What if no one else can function    in the flow of this accelerated time?    That's highly likely.    When he dodged my harpoon,    he may have done so unconsciously.    But what if he can keep upwith this accelerated time?    What if he realized what he's capable of?    Jolyne, we can't stay here.    It's dangerous.It's not safe to be here like this.    -No…-Do you sense him too, Jolyne?    -Do you sense his presence?-What?    Where is he?    He's on the move.    I can't tell his exact position,    but he's approaching us from the shadows!    This is bad, we need to go.    Everyone, get moving! Quickly!    Star Platinum: The World!    My ability's duration is shortened!    This is bad!    This way, Jotaro!    You…    -Your name is Anasui, correct?-That's right.    My Stand is called Diver Down.    It can submerge into various surfaces.    Let's go look out at the other side.    Yeah. But considering his speed,being on the lookout may not help much.    By the way, Jotaro…    I will do everything I canto protect your daughter.    Yes, things may seem desperate,    but we'll make it out of this fight.    So please, allow meto take your daughter's hand in marriage.    What did you just say?    I said, please give me your permission.    Jotaro, let me marry your daughter.    I know this isn't the right time,but all I want is your blessing.    If only I had your permission,then I can be at peace.    I don't really believethat Jolyne would marry me.    It's true that I've beensentenced for m*rder,    and I also know thatJolyne would never fall for me.    But the strong drive and mindthat she inherited from you    sheds light into the darkness of my heart.    She lightened my heart,which was on the verge of collapsing!    Please, I need it now.    Just one word will do.    Say you'll allow me.    Please liberate my heart.    If we make it out of this alive,allow me to marry her!    I don't understand.    Have you lost your mindfrom all this madness?    Anasui.    We need to stay together.    Everyone, don't wander off.    We made it up on the roof,but now we have nowhere to run.    Besides, he's on the move.    But I can't sense his movement.    I barricaded the area with my strings,but who knows what good it'll do?    Though the priest succeededin completing his ability,    he has no intention of letting us live.    He wants to settle his score with us.    He is determined    to settle the scorewith the Joestar bloodline.    I get it,but his Stand is too unpredictable!    How are we supposed to fight against it?    Jotaro, allow us!    Everyone, listen closely.    It may appear as if we are cornered,    but coming up to this roofgave us an advantage.    The priest's ability accelerates time.    He's the only one who can move insidethe accelerated time.    However, we can still see him.    Judging from my watch,    it takes about two minutesfor an hour to pass.    This is what it means.    If he runs at    kilometers per hour,    he'll appear as if he's movingat the speed of a b*llet train.    It sounds fast, but our eyescan observe a moving b*llet train.    Stay calm and observe.    You will be able to tellthat he's moving, at least.    Try to sense his movements.    He's    times faster than us.    A car going   kph would be  ,   kph,    and a car going    kph would be Mach  . .    Correct.    However, the priest is wary    and remains cautiousin coming to this rooftop.    He knows that I can stop time,though only for a few seconds.    There's also the unknown factor.    We don't knowwhat his ability will become.    He himself is yearning to see it evolve.    Star Platinum: The World.    Where is he?    Where did he go?    I saw something move under that table.    He's closing in on us.    I can stop time for five seconds at most.    In just five seconds,I must find him and finish him off.    Good grief, he's nowhere to be found.    Did I just imagine a flickering shadow?    Time's up.    Time will now start again…    The palm tree!    He hid behind the leaves!    What?    No way. He's using the tree's flexibility!    My ability is at its limit.Time will start again!    He'll catapult himself using the tree!    Above?    Dad…    Jolyne, behind you!    He's coming again!    Anasui.    You submerged your Stand into my body.    You took damage in my place.    You served as armorto mitigate the damage.    And yet…    It's too short.    Five seconds just isn't enough.    I can't activatemy Time Stop ability consecutively!     Once Star Platinum stops timefor five seconds,    it can't launch for a brief moment.    Our only chance to defeat the priestis for me to get in range.    And only when the time is stopped!    I'm at the limit.    Time now starts again.    Dad! Anasui!    My first target is no longer Jotaro,but Anasui.    Yes, I will finish him off first.    Listen closely.    This may be beyond your comprehension,    but I will part with this last remark.    Time will accelerate.    I did not obtain this powerto end your lives,    nor does this ability promise mesupreme strength.    This power's purpose is to guidethe human race towards true happiness.    My new Stand, my new ability.    I shall give it a name.    Made in Heaven!
