05x26 - Bohemian Rhapsody (2)QuotePostby bunniefuu » 07/14/23 07:35Something's off. I don't like this.  The enemy has activated a Stand.  I can feel its presence.  But our enemy isn't in this city.  I can feel it moving farther away.  If it wanted to att*ck us,  its presence should beapproaching us instead.  What is going on?  There's my body!   The enemy first wants to k*ll my body,which is vulnerable without my Stand.   I have to protect my body!   What's this?   Oh! It's Batman!   I found Batman! Awesome!   EPISODE   : Bohemian Rhapsody ( )   sh*t, why won't my body stay still?   Weather, do you not see me   because you aren't underthe enemy Stand's influence?   Weather, I'm going after my body.   You go hunt down the Stand User!   Anasui,   where are you?   Scoundrel!   How could you show your faceafter what you've done?   I'll call the police right now!   Hello, is this the police?   Wait just a moment.Were you talking about me?   Stay the hell away from my shop!   Calm down. How about this?   I'm short on timeand I need to speak to you.   The hell that's enough!You smashed up my tables!   I've got no wife.I run this place all by myself!   What? So my body came here?   If it's money you want,   just tell me the amount, and I'll pay.   So please, hang up the phone.   Tell me, where did I go?   I need to know.   I mean, that was my twin younger brother.   Is something the matter?Is there a problem here?   This is Squad  .   We're following up on a tipabout an escaped convict.   Roger that.   Excuse me, can you turn around?   That's me!   My body is still inside the shop!   Turn around.   Show your face and answer my questions.   It's business as usual,   Officer.   Sorry, you may go.   Wasn't there an old man here?   Diver Down!I injected chocolate into my face.   Breaking news.The famous Japanese character Kenshiro   defeated Raoh the villainafter a showdown in West Shinjuku, Tokyo!   The sequence of events followedthe original works…   Where are you? Show yourself!   -Hurray!-Princess is awake!   Snow White returned to us!   The chocolate shop owner.   You haven't reachedyour happily ever after yet?   I don't need my body anymore!   She's always been in my dreams.   Snow White, my darling!   -And that's how the story goes!-And that's how the story goes!   -And that's how the story goes!-And that's how the story goes!   Did they just say "story?"   How could you be so cruel?   How could youdevour my brothers like that?   What is this creature?   I thought that was chocolateI injected into my face.   Are they goats, or are they chocolate?   "He's a cunning little devil."   "He tricked the seven kidsinto opening the door and came inside."   "And then, he cornered the kidsone by one and gobbled them up!"   "The only one that survived   was the youngest kid,who hid inside the grandfather clock!"   I know this story!   "When the mother goat came home,she grew very upset!"   "The mother held the scissorsin her cloven hoof,   and went a one, a two at his stomach."   "She took out his guts andstuffed pebbles in his body."   "Then he got thrown into a pond!"   Don't read such a story!   The villain was a wolf!   The wolf came and ate my brothers!   The enemy Stand wasn't goingafter my body.   I was being dragged into   a story!   Excuse me.   Is this the way tothe hospital in Saint-Rémy?   Ask someone else.   Oh? Excuse me.   Wait, I believe you know me.   Sorry, but I can't help you.   I'm not from here.   Never mind that.   Aren't you my fan?   I can tell from your face.You've been inspired by me.    My name    is Van Gogh.I am Van Gogh's self-portrait.    Yesterday, I cut off my ear with a razor.    See, you were moved by me again.    Mommy's coming back with scissors!    Our mommy's going to get you!    Bad wolf!    Bring it, fucker!    Mommy! We're over here!    We're trapped in here!    What the hell?    Save us!    How dare you!    How could you eat my babies?    Continuing reporton the fantasy hero incident.    The incident is believed to havestarted in Florida, USA, a few hours ago.    Not only are cartoonand story characters brought to life,    but even figures from artworksare being sighted.    The riches of all humanity,    the treasures for our souls    are vanishing!    This User doesn't care aboutcausing chaos around the world.    Their only objectiveis to keep the priest safe.    The Stand itself is invincible.    The only way to win is to strike the User!    The User is headed north. I can sense it.    It's moving at a pretty fast pace.    It's getting farther away from here!    Here's a question.    How many self-portraits did I paint,    before my untimely death?    Back off, or I'll kick you!    The answer is about   .    Van Gogh left that many self-portraits.    It was before I cut off an ear.    Then I ended my    years of life,    k*lling myself with a g*n!    I see you are one of my self-portraits.    Hello, Van Gogh with a severed ear.    What?    Van Gogh sh*t himself in the head twice.    A single b*llet wasn't enoughto end his life.    That's right. He needed to sh**t himselftwice to seal the deal.    This enemy!    Weather Report!    Direction is north.    Shut down the highway with a rainstorm,up to    kilometers north!    Don't let a single car head north!    Diver Down restructured the doorfrom the inside.    It's been fused with the wall.Nothing can open this door now!    Diver Down!    My brothers are free!    And that's how the story goes!    Once a story begins,nothing can alter its course.    I'm powerless against this Stand!    The walls, Diver Down!    Submerge!    Hell yes, I'm safe.    Officers from earlier.    So their souls have also splitfrom their bodies.    Anyhow, I'm taking this police car…    -Pebbles! Get the pebbles!-Mommy!    I can't escape.Weather, hurry and k*ll the User!    I sensed the enemy up north,    but now it's down south.    No way…    Is it in the air?    Flight     , destination Key West.    Despite the sudden downpour,    we were able to depart on time.    This ability that recently awakenedwithin me.    I can only be defeated ifI'm in direct harm's way    Nothing can touch me whenI'm high up in the air.    I'm finally living my life to the fullest.    This power keeps my blood racing.    THE NIGHT BEFORE    To be born    means to be chosen.    Once one is chosen,    one is protected and supported by all.    Amidst the competitions of life,    the chosen one rises above.    Those who were drawn to me.    They exist to bring me to heavenwhen the rightful time arrives.    Yes, Jolyne Cujoh may have escapedto chase me down,    but she merely existsto help me attain heaven.    Sons of Dio,    help me get to Cape Canaveral.    This act will beyour singular source of joy.    All my life,    I felt like a tumbling rockthat rolls without a purpose.    But now I understand.    I was born to use my ability!    I'll do whatever it takesto protect the priest.    Also, Bohemian Rhapsody is magnificent!    It makes me laugh to watchsociety fall into utter darkness.    The very society that despised me!    No, I can't catch up.    If the Stand User is on an airplane,    its speed exceeds    kph.    Even the largest hurricane on record    cannot travel faster than    kph.    There's not a single weather phenomenonthat can catch up to an airplane.    It got away!    One more b*llet.    If I take one more b*llet,    this story will end.    Dammit!    Don't you dare get close to that g*n.    If you touch it, I'll k*ll you!    Anasui!    Weather.    What?    Weather!    Yes! The wolf is drowned!    -And that's how the story goes!-Hurray!    It's over. That's how the end goes.    I'll live a happy life in your place.    According to the experts,    the city with the most damagedue to the fantasy hero incident…    What is your wish, Aladdin?    I am your loyal servant.    -I can grant any wish.-Shut up, brat!    What are you reading? Let me see.    I can't breathe!    You want me to do more?    No, this is fine. Thanks.    You've got real talent.    What's with the drawing, Weather?    I got this Van Gogh to draw,    and create a new character.    He comes with a story of his own.    This hero can use an ability.    It sucks all the fantasy heroesback into their stories!    This hero's story will end    once its ability restores orderto our reality!    We're going back,and that's how the story goes.    We will now rejoin our unharmed bodies!    Hey, are you listening?    Can I have my book back?    Breaking news.    Order has been restored.    Characters from story books,cartoons, movies, and artwork    are back where they belong.    This includes Mona Lisa, Snow White,Batman, and Tweety.    However, for some unknown reason,Pinocchio is still missing.    Did you fall asleep?    Was it too boring?    But this story is fullof hopes and dreams.    UNGALOSTAND NAME: Bohemian Rhapsody    BACK TO DESPAIRBEYOND RECOVERY    Hey, what do you drive now?    I hope    you got rid of that one, Romeo.    Jolyne!    Please. Help me, Jolyne!    -Do you know what a "plea deal" is?-…you will be sent to Green Dolphin…    Romeo!    You…    How did you…    Let me warn you, Romeo.    Stay away from the phone.    All phones.    Got that?    That's the last thing on my mind.    Ever since that day, I've felt so sorry.    I realized my own foolishness    only after I lost you.    Oh, god.    How can I ever make upfor what I've done to you--    There's no need for words, Romeo.    You are the best I ever had.    I need you.    I tried to go visit you,but they wouldn't let me.    Romeo, you poor boy.    I really pity you.    Nothing matters anymore    about the hit-and-run.    I have nothing against you.    After all, you got embroiledin a conspiracy.    Romeo, I came to ask you for a favor.    I need money and a car.    I have to go somewhere.    I only have a thousand dollars on me.    Take these keys.    This is plenty. Thank you, Romeo.    Just don't talk if the police come.    Promise me.    Oh, Jolyne,    I will confess my crimes.    I'll get you a non-guilty verdict.    So please, come back to me!    Wow, car keys!    Hello? I'm Romeo Jisso,a Palm Beach resident.    Is this the police?    I'm reporting an escaped convict.    Yes, it's Jolyne Cujoh.    I knew it.    It was wise that you used my stickerto make a copy of his tongue.    This assh*le is already ratting you out.    No, she didn't!    She didn't come to my house.Why would she?    I'm filing a report because she called.    Yes, we only talked over the phone.    She asked for moneybut I didn't give her any.    She said she's headed to Mexico.    Of course, I will make another callif she contacts me again.    Yes. Bye.    I'm impressed.    He kept his word.    I will do anything for her.    Anything to atone for my actions.    Jolyne!    Wow, your ex-boyfriend is awesome!    Guess what the key is for?    He gave us car keys too, but guess what?    Look over there!    Can we ride it?    I want to try piloting it.    I bet it's totally differentfrom reading about it in a book!    Romeo, I stand corrected.    But let's rip this off. For good measure.    Let's get going.    The helicopter will get us therein a matter of hours.    Father,    I understand my assignment to protect you.    Can you do somethingabout my eyelid first?    One of my eyelids    always slides down for no reason.    I can't open my eye.    I mean, I can get it to open sometimes.
