05x15 - Ultra Security House UnitQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/29/23 08:26Listen closely now, Sports Maximum. Just as land comprises % of the planet and water comprises %, a certain number of souls are able to inhabit this planet. The more that humans populate this earth, proportionately, fewer of the other organisms can inhabit it. The total number of souls constantly remains fixed. Now, let's suppose that there's a way for one human to possess dozens, no, hundreds of thousands of souls. What will this human see? What does the future hold for such a human? I couldn't even begin to guess. It's an interesting thought, though. So, what is it that you want me to do? Sports Maximum. I wanted to ask you about this bone. There's something I want you to try doing to it. Try to revive this bone. Is that a human bone? Whose is it? That doesn't concern you. Let's just say it belongs to an old friend of mine. You're telling me to revive it, but that's just a tiny piece. Or do you mean to tell me that the entire skeleton is somewhere else? Can a single bone even be revived? Dio… This is his last remaining bone. The rest of him is dust. They no longer exist in this world. But you must try, Sports Maximum. If you fail, surely you understand that the ability I bestowed will no longer be yours. I get that. But I already tried. It's done already. What's happening? Where is the bone? Where did it go? Where is Dio's bone? What did you do to it? Where is his bone? Now tell me! The hell should I know? That's not a normal bone, now, is it? That bone is beyond my ability's control. The bone is moving around by itself. But I can sense it. I sense it moving around close by. Search for it! Get going, now! Hold it, Sports Maximum. This proves his theory. There definitely is a way to get to heaven. Do not chase the bone. Leave it be. Let his bone wander about freely. I shall merely observe its movements. Then, I will combine it with Jotaro Kujo's memory. I will learn the truth! I feel the bone's presence from the Ultra Security House Unit. Someone may have picked it up. That was Sports Maximum's memory Ermes retrieved by coincidence. Of course, Jolyne already watched it. Then Jolyne got punished on purpose so that she gets confined at the Disciplinary Wing to find the bone! Yes. But it's too reckless. Pale Snake must be aware that we read Sports Maximum's memory. Now, he will do everything within his power to eliminate Jolyne. Jolyne will not last in that wing by herself. I am able to exist like this thanks to Jolyne. But I don't know what I can do. I want your help. I can't. Even Weather Forecast, who is recuperating in the infirmary, cannot reach that part of the facility. I wish I could help, but… The Maximum Security Disciplinary Wing, or Ultra Security House Unit, is southeast of the male wing. To reach it, you must first leave the premises on a transport car. There are no secret passages there either. I've never even been there. So I don't know how I can keep Jolyne safe. I'm not asking you to keep her safe. I only want you to sneak me inside the Ultra Security House Unit. Hey, is there anything you can do for us? You can't expect him to help. Anastasia wouldn't cooperate. But isn't he a Stand User? Were you born with your ability? Like I said, don't count on Anastasia. He will not cooperate with anyone, no matter the reason. Why is that? It's because… I'm willing to do anything. If you take me to the Ultra Security House Unit, -I'll do anything to repay you-- -Stop, F.F. He just isn't the type of person who helps others out. What I'm trying to say is, well… Have you heard of Anastasia, his name? He's a m*rder*r. Anastasia's full name is Narciso Anastasia. Ever since he was a child, for some inexplicable reason, he's had a peculiar habit. No, not really a habit, but rather, a syndrome. A syndrome where he has the urge to disassemble everything. He just must disassemble what he sees. When he was ten, he disassembled his neighbor's Porsche and was institutionalized for six months. One time, he disassembled a high-voltage telephone pole. And when he was , he went over to his then girlfriend's apartment. She was in bed with another man. Anastasia disassembled their bodies on the spot so they can never be together again. The psychiatric analysis conducted after his arrest surprisingly came back normal. That's how he ended up in the Aquarium. Without Weather Forecast keeping him under control, who knows what he's capable of? That's Anastasia. So please, give up on him. But I can't reach Jolyne by myself. I need backup. At the least, I can't do it without his help. But how strange. This feeling… If he refuses,  I'll try to coerce him into it with my ability. But… I can't visualize my first sh*t successfully hitting him. I don't even know where to aim for. If I'm not willing to k*ll him, he won't listen to me. That's the feeling I get from him, but still, I must try. That's the reason why I came. All right. Okay. I can go defend her. Jolyne Cujoh, that is. -What? -I will cooperate. And if she wants to find that bone or something, I will help with that too. Now, let's hurry. She may be under att*ck as we speak. Hold on, Anastasia! What are you plotting? Plotting? I just told you. I will protect her with all my might. But… I've taken a liking to her, and everything about her the moment I laid my eyes on her. She willingly went to the Disciplinary Wing to save her father. Her conviction charms me even more. If I successfully protect her to the end, then I will marry her. This is my condition. Got that? F.F., was it? You said you are willing to do anything. Then, give us your blessing. That's what a wedding needs. What the… Do what now? He said he'll do what with Jolyne just now? Diver Drive! The hell's going on? What was that crash? The att*ck was delayed, and it came out of the wall. That's Anastasia's Stand, Diver Drive's ability. Give us your blessing. STAND NAME: SURVIVOR STAND MASTER: GUCCIO Hey, out of curiosity, Dio. Out of all the Stands you've seen, which one was the weakest? It can be one you encountered while traveling around the world, or one that was created. Which one, I wonder. What is considered suitable is different from person to person. A king has his strengths… and a cook has his own too. That's what it means to live. The same goes for Stands. The concept of being strong or weak does not apply. I phrased it badly. Children argue for fun about things like "Which one is stronger, Stallone and Van Damme?" Let's talk on that level. A Stand I named Survivor is the weakest. However, Survivor is a handful. Survivor? Sounds powerful. It was . In France's Lorraine region, a group of six went hiking, went missing, and then were found dead. The investigation team stated that the six broke out into a fight in the mountains. They fought each other to death. Men and women alike applied such intense force to their muscles that their own bones broke. A tooth that broke and flew off after a punch had split a rock and wedged itself there. That's how brutal the struggle was. Even the victor was unable to descend the mountain due to his injuries. Here is what I learned later. The six had stayed in a lodge the night before they d*ed. They had quarreled with the lodge owner. One of the women ridiculed the lodge owner's body odor, saying he stunk. And this lodge owner was a Stand User. Precisely. But what did this lodge owner do to them? And why did the six fight to their deaths? The answer is that he did nothing. He did nothing to them, but there was a slight anger that surged in his mind. And that slight anger converted into a small electric potential in his brain, traveled down his nervous system, and flowed out into the ground. That's the Stand, Survivor. The electric current followed the ground's surface all the way to the six hikers. The ground and the hikers' shoes had to be wet to let the electricity travel easily. The electric potential sending signals to the nervous system is very small, at mV. This Stand dwells in that slight pulse of energy. Survivor's att*ck is mostly unnoticed, and it doesn't cause any harm. It does not injure humans, nor can it manipulate them. It cannot inflict pain or put someone to sleep. The Stand does none of these things. It simply awakens its victim's anger. It stimulates the limbic system of the human brain ever so slightly, awakening its fighting spirit. Just because one woman ridiculed the lodge owner's body odor, all six were made to fight to their deaths. Earlier, you said it's a handful. A useless Stand is what it is. It can't tell a friend from foe. If subordinates started fighting each other, their organization would collapse. Could you give me that ability? If you don't plan on using it, I'll take just the Stand. Extract the ability only and store it in a disc, you say? That may be a good idea. To each their own. It may prove useful one of these days. I guess these mushrooms are edible. They're pretty good. It's shower time. Get up, FE! It's bright! Hell yeah! I got her! She hid! She hid like a dirty cockroach! I win this cell. The total sum is  dollars for my wins! Sorry! Damn. But all I got on me is  dollars. Come on, let's shake on it. If that's all you got, I guess. In any case, what I must do here is to use this thread to find the bone. What is that bone doing here? I don't know the answer yet, but for some reason, it's somewhere inside this Disciplinary Wing. Could it be in someone's possession? If I can obtain the bone first, Pale Snake will come after me. And with him, my father's stolen memory disc in his hand! Hey dumbass! Who told you to stand? By the way, how do you think the Marlins will play tonight? Their chances of winning are slim. The pitcher broke up with that reporter girl. He won't throw any strikes. You want to bet those  dollars on it? I'm in. Aren't you short on money, though? I'm telling you, his throws will be bad. No, that pitcher is good. You're such easy prey. Can't wait for tonight's game. Oh, sorry. This valve doesn't close very easily. Be more careful. I have to go back to the main prison to change. Hey, why did you hit me? I said I'm sorry. It's not like I got you wet on purpose. Oh, did I hit you just now? The hell is wrong with you? I didn't smack you that hard. You want some? You didn't need to punch me hard, bastard. -You jerk! -assh*le! Why you little… All right, that's enough. I said enough. I said stop. I'll apologize. I'm sorry. I'll lend you my uniform if you don't have a spare. That settles it, right? Let's be done. What got into you? Calm down. Are you in a bad mood today? We're friends… right? That hurts! You swing hard, fucker! I'll take you on! What has gotten into them? It can't be… I'm getting excited. His physique… I can see where his body's strengths are! His superbly developed muscles! Beautiful… I can sense his strongest muscle structures! How wonderful it is to fight! What the… What's happening to their bodies? What are those things that seem to shine? Here I come. I'll show you who is stronger! I am the strongest! Is this an enemy's att*ck? Is that guard my foe? No, the enemy hasn't shown up yet. But this is a Stand ability! This freakish feel… It must be a Stand att*ck! "Do not cast what is holy to the dogs; lest they trample them under their feet, and turn and tear you in pieces." Matthew :. Sports Maximum has gone missing. I can't fathom how they learned of it, but I must conclude that they read his memory. The number of Stand Users I sent to the Disciplinary Wing… Four! If Jolyne Cujoh entered the Disciplinary Wing in search of Dio's bone… I cannot let her live a moment longer. I will use all my strength to eliminate her! It doesn't really matter what happens inside the Disciplinary Wing. Those four will undoubtedly fight on until Jotaro's daughter is eliminated! He sent everything he's got. I can see where your strengths are! Bastards! I can see the strongest parts of each fighter's body from here! It's Fight Club time! Let's brawl!
