05x23 - Jail House Lock! / Lock of the Jail!QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/29/23 08:33The first need is my Stand. My Stand, The World, and what lies beyond it are the path for men to advance further. My second need is a trustworthy friend. He must be someone who can control his desires. The desire for power, fame, money, sex… He must be free of those things. It must be someone who chooses God's laws over the laws of men. Will I, Dio, ever meet someone with this character trait? I also need at least  souls of the worst convicts. Souls of sinners have tremendous energy. I need  words. To prevent ever forgetting these words, I will etch them onto my Stand itself. I also need courage. I must have the courage to let go of my Stand just once. My decaying Stand will gather and absorb the souls of  convicts. It will then give birth to something new. The spawned creature will awaken. It will be curious about the  words spoken by the trusted friend. My friend will find me trustworthy and he will consider me his friend. Finally, I need the location. It will be north latitude,  degrees  minutes, west longitude,  degrees  minutes. Wait for the next new moon. Heaven will appear then. Good morning, Father. You've grown your hair out. When was the last time you returned home to the mainland? I have no use for this place now. The birthed creature now belongs to me. The only thing left to do is to wait for the time of heaven. EPISODE : LOCK OF THE JAIL! DISCIPLINARY WING This is the worst! How do I get out of this one? This is the highest maximum security measure ever. All the guards have g*ns too. It's too dangerous to be here with all the guards, even for just another minute. Hey, Jolyne, can you hear me? Are you listening? The priest isn't on this island anymore. He already left Green Dolphin Street. He didn't take anything, though. He wasn't carrying a baby with him! It's too boring in here. I even pierced my own belly button. Do you have my father's disc, Emporio? You got it now? Did you get in contact with the Speedwagon Foundation? I can't. The security is too tight right now. I have the disc though, Jolyne. I wouldn't put it down. Never. Good. Well, I'm getting out of here. -Lead the way. -Jolyne. The prison workers think that you are the sole survivor from the Disciplinary Wing. Though they can't pin it on you, you are the only person they can question right now. That's why this cell is under strict observation. Do you want to leave the cell and come to my room? No, Emporio. By leave, I mean getting out of this shitty prison. I don't have any more time to waste. I'm breaking out of the Green Dolphin Island. Show me the fastest way out of here. I promise I'll contact the Speedwagon Foundation. I'll even do that today. Wrong again, Emporio. This problem is much bigger than retrieving my father's disc now. If F.F. were alive, they would be going after that priest as we speak. And now that I read my father's memory, I understand what Pucchi meant by  years. I now understand why my father had to seal Dio's ability. My father would never let the priest get away. And I am Jolyne Cujoh! I have to seal what he has obtained again! Emporio. Do you plan to stay here for the rest of your life? It's up to you, but I want you to come with me. You don't understand, Jolyne. You don't get it at all. But I do. I can break out of these bars in three minutes. But what about after that? No one is left to help you. Ermes, Anastasia… They are still under treatment at the medical wing. For some reason, Weather Forecast has been holed up in his own room. He won't even come visit my room. I can leave through the Ultra Security House Unit. We got to the wetlands. We can't. No jailbreak attempt has ever succeeded. Some prisoners were detained for even contemplating a breakout. Anyway, unless you can stop time like your father, no one can ever leave this prison. I don't know what, but there's something about this place. Something more than surveillance cameras, as if the prison itself was a guard with a mind of its own. Emporio, when is the next new moon? Jolyne, please, just wait for the Speedwagon Foundation. If we risk it, we might even lose this disc we finally retrieved! North latitude,  degrees  minutes. West longitude,  degrees  minutes. Where is that? J-Jolyne… I can't help you with this. I have a message from Pale Snake. Everything is over. Don't try to leave this prison. If you stay here, we won't get in the way of you delivering the disc to Jotaro. You've got guts, I'll give you that. You showed me your face and your Stand. And what's your name? I am Mew Mew. My Stand is called Jailhouse Lock. I'm showing it to you as a warning. Did he order you to finish me off? If your plans are to break out of this jail, then yes. My plans? No, I don't have any plans. I'm leaving now! Her Stand is in the bars! I'll say it one more time, Jolyne Cujoh. Don't touch the bars. The more you think about escaping, the closer you'll be to your death. So this is what your ability does. Take this! What? Do you need me to get someone? Are you okay, Jolyne? Where am I? Why am I here? It's you, Gwess. Am I in the female wing? It hurts! "One, grab a pen as soon as you can." "Two, you can only retain up to three new pieces of information." "Three, defeat the User." "Her name is Mew Mew." What are these writings and who wrote them? Did someone write these while I was asleep? . GO SEE EMPORIO Oh, that's right. I was locked up because of what happened at the Ultra Security House Unit. I gave myself a belly piercing. Then, I ran into Emporio. I told him I'm getting out of here to go after the priest. And then, after that… After that… I… What? After I said I was leaving, I remember someone coming. But who was it? This is my handwriting. Did I write these? No way. When did I write them, though? I don't even remember writing them. Tell me, why am I back here in the female wing? Hey! Answer me! Why are you ignoring me? I must've been sleeping since I don't remember. I'm serious! Oh, also, do you have a pen? I need a pen. Give me one. Hey, you… I'm really serious. Do you think I wrote these on myself? That I wrote on my own body? . YOU CAN ONLY RETAIN UP TO THREE NEW PIECES OF INFORMATION Hey, Gwess… be honest. Have I been asking you the same question over and over again? Can you do me a favor? Can you tell me all the things I've asked you already? "Jolyne, the prison doctor has diagnosed you with temporary amnesia brought on by a great shock you received while in the Hole." "You can only memorize up to three things at a time." "You can still remember the past, but if you memorize a fourth new thing, you will forget one." "However, since this will not affect your life as a prisoner, you were sent back to the female wing two days ago." Two days? I've been here that long? Get better soon, Jolyne. For two days… Have I been repeating the same questions for two whole days? But why? "Defeat the User." "Her name is Mew Mew." This is… Could this be… No, it can't be… It's a Stand ability! They're trying to keep me locked up in here! I'm under att*ck! I remember seeing Emporio. And then… After that… After that… Let's see… I remember something happening. WASH YOUR HANDS DON'T FORGET TO WEAR YOUR PANTIES sh*t! What the hell? By the way, Gwess, do you know anyone named Mew Mew? You haven't asked that yet, Jolyne. Her prisoner cell is upstairs. I think she has ratty, blond hair. She's about your height. I don't know why she's here, but I bet she was whoring around. Where do I go to see her? She was here until a moment ago, Jolyne. She just walked by. Can you tell me how she looks like again? She's about cm. Her hair is platinum blonde and it's ratty. She wears fishnets. This is the female wing. How did I get back here? Who's Mew Mew? What's the matter? No… You just said you wanted lunch. It's almost lunchtime. Is that right? Don't think about getting out of here, Jolyne Cujoh. You can't att*ck me and my Jailhouse Lock, ever. STAND NAME: STONE OCEAN STAND MASTER: JOLYNE CUJOH Pale Snake was the priest. F.F. figured it out for us. And then…. They d*ed, didn't they? Bottoms up. I'll avenge you. Hey! Why are you grabbing food? Give me your ticket first. I'm here to grab the packed lunch. Like I said, ticket first. You won't be sneaking one away. Now show it to me. Stop taking forever. If you don't have it, then leave. Now scram. Next. Did I leave it next to my bed? I've got to write it somewhere so I don't forget it. LEAVE FOOD TICKET IN HERE What? Why am I here again? Oh, why did I come back up here? I can't remember a thing. Why did I come back up here? Hey Jolyne, that's my lunch! You ate a good bit of it! You ate my favorite cheese penne! You left your ticket in your pocket, remember? Sorry. I'll get you another one with my ticket. No, it's fine. Just stop. I can get it, just give me your ticket. Can you write it down somewhere that I have your ticket? Oh, sorry. I GAVE MY FOOD TICKET TO GWESS What's this, a User? Is it referring to a Stand? Oh, that's right. I have to go see Emporio. I tried to break out of the confinement cell. Emporio must have been with me then. Emporio might know something. And I need to get out of here. I GAVE MY FOOD TICKET TO GWESS Hey, I said the mustard's out! There's not a squeeze left in here. Do you have another bottle? Why does it feel like I'm always eating the same food? I don't have an appetite. I'll just eat the cheese penne. Can I sit with you, Jolyne? I'm sitting down here. I stepped on a cockroach earlier. It was so gross. Who is she? She seems to know me. Blonde… Ratty hair… Fishnet tights. What the hell did you do that for? Do you want mustard? What about ketchup? You aren't fond of dressing, are you? It's pretty good. Thanks. By the way, what's your name? Oh, no. I'm so sorry, I spilled it on you! Let's get you clean. Your arm got drenched. We need to go clean it off. Take that jacket off. . YOU CAN ONLY RETAIN UP TO THREE NEW PIECES OF INFORMATION Oh, that's so much better. There, all squeaky clean! Let's check your pocket too. That's a gift from me. Jailhouse Lock. Anyone who touches the cell bars with my Stand in it to try and escape can then only remember three pieces of information. Their life is then restricted by the three memories. It's worse than not having any memories at all. They experience over and over again that everything they do is meaningless. Eventually, this cycle of failure becomes etched in their bodies. They then lose all drive to escape. You can even say that they are crippled. This is what you get for trying to break out. What do I need to do? What's important to me? What shouldn't I forget? That's all I need to get out of this trap. I just need one thing! I need to recall it now. If I don't recall it right this minute, I'll forget it forever! Just one thing! What matters to me? GO SEE EMPORIO This is all I need. I'll leave one memory open. These two things. These two things are all I need. The rest, I don't need. I need to leave this place! I spilled… my water. I need to… unplug the power. The power is shorting out. Or else, I can't leave out of that exit to go see Jolyne. I have things I need to tell Jolyne! I can't forget them! I have to leave this room! I spilled my water. MEMORY ONE: I SPILLED MY WATER I need to… unplug the power. MEMORY TWO: I NEED TO UNPLUG THE POWER The power is shorting out. MEMORY THREE: THE POWER IS SHORTING Or else, I can't leave out of that exit… MEMORY FOUR: OR ELSE, I CAN'T LEAVE THIS ROOM TO GO SEE JOLYNE MEMORY THREE …to go see Jolyne. Wait a second. "Go see Emporio"? I'm sure I read that name on her arm. I need to go make sure. No one can escape this place. GO SEE EMPORIO
