05x38 - What a Wonderful WorldQuotePostby bunniefuu » 07/14/23 07:44This place…  This is Green Dolphin Street Prison!  This is the hallwayby the visitation room!  What the hell do you want?  I don't want to see your face.  It's too late to comeand try to act like a father!  I want to help you.  I'll get you out of here shortly.  Shut up.   You know you can't.   I'll serve this two-year sentencefor that hit-and-run and then be released.   Calm down. I've always thought of you--   That's a blatant lie.It's too late to play father figure now.   Now leave!   Who are these two?   They look so similar…   to the Joestars!   But it's not them.   Leave! I can't get along with you.   What is going on?   Wasn't I at Cape Canaveral?   And what's going on?   What year am I in?   It's     , November   th.   Pucchi!   Who the hell are you?   Even a priest isn't allowedto disrupt a visitation--   It's     ?   Did time rewind?   On the contrary.   We leapt through   to the ultimate timebeyond the acceleration.   We went beyond the end of our universe.   The ending of one universe brings aboutthe beginning of the next.   This is an inevitable truth,and in the forthcoming universe,   the Earth is created, and living thingsexperience a life similar to the previous.   The human race went beyond the endand now faces the dawn of a new start.   This is the new world   Made in Heaven has promised!   What are you saying?   There's no Jolyne Cujoh in this world.   Neither are there Jotaro,Anasui, or Ermes.   Even their souls ceased to exist.   The dead cannot be brought over.   Those who lost their livesduring the time acceleration   have been weeded out of the cycle.   I left behind all my enemiesin the prior universe.   Except for you, Emporio!   You should not have made it over.   You must be ended, here and now!   EPISODE   : IT'S A WONDERFUL WORLD   Code    . Security Level  .   Visitation room door alarm activated.   Code    . Security Level  .   What's going on?   Who knows, but now's our chance. Let's go.   They're leaving the roomjust like Jolyne and Jotaro did.   They're different people,but the same thing is happening!   This is fate.   This universe   has been through the same historyas that of the prior world.   It will remain in the same course.   Fate is brought on by necessity,not chance.   Now, you're going totry to find refuge in your room.   I'm talking about your old secret room   that you used to hide inback in the prior world.   Your next actionsare written in your destiny.   I have to go somewhereother than the ghost room!   How did prisoners get insidethe general area?   Who knows? Just run.   Those guards are from earlier.   They're going to trip over.   What is it?   -We'll trip over.-What?   We keep running in this direction,and we'll trip over ourselves horribly.   Huh? What the hell are you on about?   That's odd. Why did I think of that?   I don't know, it just came to me.We're going to trip over.   Are you chickening out?   If we don't hurry, they'll cut our pay!   -Why?-Right!   For some reason, I know.   Those two are about to…   Father!   -What's the matter?-Move.   No one can escape fate.   You will escape to that room.   What exactly is going on?   We leapt through   to the ultimate timebeyond the acceleration.   We went beyond the end of our universe.   The end of our universe?   I've read it in a book once.   How the universe begins and ends.   From the moment it is born,a universe infinitely expands.   But at a certain point in time,it begins to contract.   Like a stress ball being squeezed,   there's a point of singularitywhere it can no longer contract.   That marks the end of the universe.    The force leads to a Big Bang,forming a brand new universe.    Did we come from our world to this one?    Did we travel through Earth's historyat an incredible speed,    and now we're in the new     ?    But not everyone made it.    The dead cannot be brought over.    Those who lost their livesduring the time acceleration    have been weeded out of the cycle.    They're gone.    Jolyne and everyone,they're not part of this world.    I've become alone again.    Blessed are those who leapt through time.    They've experienced everythingthat is to come    and have arrived in this new universe.    This is the worldwhere fate is predestined.    Fate will repeat itself.    When people meet, it's like gravity.    Fate dictates one to meet another.    For example,what lies five years in the future?    Having gone through the accelerated time,    we know what will happen.    When do accidents happen,and when do we fall ill?    When will our life end?    When do we meet, and when do we part?    When and who do we love and hate?    When do we have children,and what lies in their future?    When do wars break out,and when does a new era begin?    As if watching a movie,the future events play out in our minds.    So shall it be for our children,and their posterity!    The time acceleration startedat Cape Canaveral.    Every living being thatlived through this acceleration    can recall the future.    It won't be with their mind or body,but with their soul!    And that in itself isthe meaning of happiness,    because now,we can prepare for the future.    Blessed are those who prepared!    One may say that to learn ofa bleak future will bring despair.    I say otherwise.    Should you die tomorrow,    the mere knowledge ofwhat is to come brings peace.    Preparation overcomes despair.    Humanity will evolve.    This is the path to heavenDio and I sought to achieve!    This is Made in Heaven.    The g*n! My g*n!    I dropped it in the ocean!    If I turn right and go down the stairs,I'll get to my ghost room.    But Pucchi already knowsabout the secret room.    I shouldn't turn right.    I'll turn left and find another place.    Some details may vary,but you cannot change fate.    Your only optionis to escape into that cr*ck.    Suppose I spare your lifeand you go off on your way.    Eventually, you will stand against me.    That's the destined future.    I must eliminate you here and now.    Even without Jolyne,you'll break out of here.    Fate dictates that I lose youat Cape Canaveral.    But here in this prison,before the acceleration starts,    I know exactly what you'll do.    This is my chanceto eradicate an opposing force.    Hence, I slowed time down on this date.    Prepare to meet your end.    Bracing for the inevitablebrings joy, Emporio.    You are our hope!    Your death shall serve humanity!    Die now, Emporio!    Fate is predestined and can't be changed?    Then…    I'll let you change my fate.    Your arm inserted it into my headwhen you punched me into the cr*ck.    When you k*lled Weather,    he extracted his ability,Weather Report, in a disc.    Jolyne wanted me to have it.    She gave me this disc!    Perish in the name of God!    Emporio, your futile actions…    You've merely turned your screamsinto the trumpets of hell!    Yes, the ability is now yours.    However, Weather was skilledin using his power!    It's not an ability you can masterby simply inserting it in your head!    And now!    Time…    accelerates once again!    Learn your feeble place, Emporio…    in the face of my grand purpose!    What?    What is the meaning of this?    I cannot… stand!    Something is terribly wrong.    What is this?    Weather Report!    I read it in a book once.    Oxygen is the most prevalent toxinthat surrounds living organisms.    Yes, living beings need oxygen to live,    but it can't surpass   % saturation.    Pure oxygen is highly toxic.    Organisms will dieif they are exposed to it!    In high concentrations, oxygen causessteel to rust within seconds.    It causes fire to combust,    and robs human cells of electrons!    It destroys the body's organ systemsone at a time!    Inhale pure oxygen,and your limbs will become paralyzed.    Soon, you lose the ability to stand.    The veins in the eyes burst,causing blindness.    Acceleration of time is irrelevant.    Weather Report is an abilitythat manipulates weather.    I was already filling this roomwith pure oxygen.    Gradually, you'll lose consciousness.    Pure oxygen will seep into your organs.    Pesky brat…    I'm not controlling this Stand.    This is Weather's ability you sealed away.    First, you stole Weather's memories.    Then you awakened this poweralong with the snail metamorphosis.    Pucchi, you caused your own demise.    Gravity brings one to another.    You couldn't cut this forceout of your life!    Stop this, Emporio!    Stop Weather!    Don't make him do this!    I finally attained the will of God!    It is God's will that I use my ability!    With the beginning of the new universe,humanity can be saved at last!    In this world,we haven't reached Cape Canaveral,    where I acquired time acceleration.    Made in Heaven is still incomplete.    I will gladly offer my lifeafter Cape Canaveral.    If I die,    everything I've accomplishedwill be undone!    You will change humanity's fate!    Then people will no longer knowwhat will happen in the future,    and they won't be able toprepare for the inevitable.    Remember,preparation brings true happiness!    I refuse to die here!    Don't you understand?    You've already been defeated by fate.    Stop talking nonsense, child!    Realize that I didn't do this alone.    You've also been defeated by Jolyne,who sent me here.    Weather.    F.F.    Ermes.    Anasui.    And even Jotaro.    They didn't know what lies ahead,but they all had resolve.    You're the one who's unprepared, Pucchi!    Walking the path of justiceis fate itself!    Stop this now!    Stop spewing nonsenseas if you understand!    You insignificant brat!    It's a bus.    Like I said,    I only have    dollars!    What kind of bus doesn't have change?    What?    -Is that how you talk to a customer?-Good, the bus stopped.    All right, give me a moment.    I'll break it for some changeat the gas station.    Hey kid, are you getting on this bus?    Good timing, got any spare change on you?    I need to break this   -dollar bill.    Please?    It's not counterfeit.    What? Hey!    Wait up, jerk!    He tossed my bag out, dammit!    The bus left becauseyou were taking your time!    The next bus is in two hours.What am I going to do?    You listening?    Dammit.    Whatever.    Maybe he thoughtI was a Green Dolphin jailbreak.    You're…    What?    Hey. My car's out of gas.    If you pay for my gas and meals,I'll take you anywhere.    What do you say, kid?    That how you pinch trip money?    My sis always saidnot to ride with a stranger.    See, a storm is coming.    You're free to test your luck    and see if you can stay dryuntil the next bus.    Hop in, kid. We won't bite.    I'm Irene.    He's Anakiss.    Where are your parents?    We're going to see my father.    This guy is…    my boyfriend.    Who knows how Father will react,but if he gives us his blessing,    we might get married.    Damn, you sure about the storm?    Ten dollars is all you're getting from me,    and make a stop at Cape Canaveral,got that?    Hop in. I can use your help.    Honestly, it helps me too.    Are you okay, kid?    What's your name?    Don't be shy. Hop on.    We won't ask for money.    You're shaking.    Are you cold?    Here.    I'm…    Emporio.    That's my name.    My name… is Emporio.    Look, a hitchhiker.    No more. Two is enough.    You said the storm is coming.    Stop the car, we can't leave him.    JOJO'S BIZARRE ADVENTURE - STONE OCEANTHE END
