05x13 - Kiss of Love and Revenge (1) / Smack of Love and Revenge (1)QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/29/23 08:23GREEN DOLPHIN STREET STATE PRISON Stop right there! What's going on here? What are you doing? ULTRA SECURITY HOUSE UNIT Prisoner FE. Name, Jolyne Cujoh. This is the second time you've caused us trouble. First, you attempted a jailbreak. And now, at the prison mausoleum, a female inmate has been found dead from blunt force head trauma. And yet, you refuse to talk and continue to act defiantly. For some reason, v*olence and death follow you wherever you go. We have no proof that you're the culprit, but you are, without a doubt, the troublesome type. Therefore, from now on, you will be disciplined according to protocol. You are hereby confined for an indefinite amount of time in this Ultra Security House Unit. f*ck! -f*ck! -There's a woman! The newcomer's a woman! I smell a woman! Her smell is seeping out under the door! What the hell? Yes! I got sh*t on her face! My own sh*t, on a woman's face! I want to bash her up too! One thing that must not happen here is the exhaustion of my mental strength. The unnecessary stress and the physical toll it takes. There is something I must accomplish in this Ultra Security House Unit! I must succeed, no matter what. And for that, I must not waste any energy. No. I will grow even stronger! It may be possible to attain heaven.  YEARS AGO Hey, don't look so glum. I'm not talking about death. The heaven I'm talking about has to do with the soul. The place our soul travels to. The power of our soul must surely evolve there. I'm talking about the final form of our souls. Surely, you, out of anyone else are able to comprehend. True happiness lies there. But this is contingent upon attaining heaven. I know happiness is not attained by obtaining the mightiest body, having lots of money, or having dominion over others. True victory belongs to those who have seen heaven. I will do everything… …to reach that end. Let's say I place this sticker on this pen. EPISODE : SMACK OF LOVE AND REVENGE () It then creates a copy of the pen. This is my ability. I call it Smack. Peel the sticker off, and… the pen fuses back together with force, leaving a fissure. It is now easier to destroy. I take this ability as my sign from God. He'll remember in no time that this seal of kiss is my license for revenge. Good morning, Father. May I have one of these flowers? I've grown a fondness for them recently. Of course, feel free to take it. Sports Maximum. F.F., she's cutting in front of you. Hey, I said she cut in line. I know. For some reason, I feel like the others don't accept me here. It's like they're looking down on me. Don't cut, dumbass! Tell her off. I disagree with you. It's not good to force something. You have to change yourself before seeking approval from others. Isn't that right? So, I decided to do the exact opposite of what I usually do. What's the opposite of coffee? Tea? That's right. Atroe's body, which I took over, is craving coffee. So I go with tea instead. On purpose. Does that make sense? Instead of bread, I eat rice. Use my non-dominant left hand instead of my right hand to eat. I'm trying to change myself by doing the exact opposite. Listen, F.F. The wound where I got sh*t… It hurts like hell. I told you. I can only fill the holes with plankton. The rest is up to your body's ability to heal. -Got that? -Damn. Jolyne, what's the opposite of pork? Maybe chicken, or even beef. The opposite of pork is salmon. Pigs lie around in mud all day. Salmons swim against the current to go upstream. I love that. They're cutting again. Scram, bitch! Come on, tell them off! Like I said, I'm trying the exact opposite. Like dragging people into the line. Come along now, right here. What's the matter with you? I won't let you cut in front of me. Don't touch me, bitch. Go to the back, dumbass! What did you call me, bitch? -The hell? -Look at that. It's so much easier to grab food now. Easy as pie. By the way, where's Ermes? I haven't seen her for a few days. Haven't you heard? She's following a man? Is Ermes really doing that? Yeah. Every morning for a while now. Even when you got sh*t, Jolyne. I haven't seen Jolyne. Something's going on in the courtyard. Looks bad. Hey, Ermes! Leave her be. The inmate Ermes is tailing? Yes. You know all the rumors around here. That's correct. I'm honored you came to me, Jolyne. Oh, you don't expect me to tell you for free, right? An information fee. I'll give you a friend's discount. Found it. "The body of a female thought to have been caught in the crossfire of g*ng v*olence was found by the river before dawn." Florida's local papers. It's dated six years ago. It's exactly as Gwess said. Gloria Costello. So she is Ermes's older sister. THE NEXT DAY Over the last few days, I've waited for the right time  as I watched you, carefully and closely. I don't know what caused you to change your heart, but I watched you sweeping the old prison's graveyard. You also left flowers at a grave. Were they for your fellow g*ng members who were ex*cuted in the electric chair? I also watched you making taxidermy birds and alligators in the prison's workshop. Now, why would a grunt like you take up a sudden interest in such a hobby? Well, none of that matters. But there's one thing I must know. Jolyne, F.F. You seem well, Ermes. Here you go. Your share of breakfast. Ermes, about that man you are following… Following? I don't know what you mean. Don't play stupid. His name is Sports Maximum. He is a notorious gangster in the outside world. But now, he is incarcerated in the male wing here. Is that so? Not that it concerns me. Ermes. You were sent here at Green Dolphin for armed robbery. Did you do that just to become a convict at this facility? For you to exact revenge on Sports Maximum for your sister's death. Jolyne. You don't pry into other people's business in prison. Really? Well, I'm doing opposites today. I don't need you to butt in. Go back to the female wing. Ermes is right, Jolyne. You have your own mission to worry about. I know. Just a little longer, Gloria. I'll avenge you with my own hands. Ermes. Think of me as your mother from now on. From that day on, Gloria… you always put the family first. Ermes. You can help at the store sometimes, you know. I want you to inherit your father's restaurant with me. The hell should I care. I'm getting out of here. I want to get a cross-country scholarship and go to college. Don't act all high and mighty and tell me what to do. Ermes! Don't leave! Help me… Fetch me that thick stick with your mouth. Not like a dog, but as a baby would do it. I'm not interested in seeing what lies in the dark. I wouldn't report it to the authorities either. The darkness will handle those who live by it. That's the only way to keep a restaurant open in that city. But that night… Gloria had no choice but to put herself in danger and call the police. She did it to protect me. But even then… Defendant Sports Maximum, you are hereby sentenced to five years in prison for tax evasion and as*ault. Five years? Only five years? We can't corner him with a weak witness. This is the best we can do. He had her k*lled! He destroyed all evidence of that. Bullshit. -Wait. Wait, dammit! -Stay put! f*cking bastard! So you do remember her. That's right. You must not forget Gloria. Gloria! I've been waiting for this chance. I've been waiting for you to be alone so no one can hear your screams. That's what I've been wanting to know. The things you made Gloria suffer through. Sports Maximum. I'll make you remember them! STAND NAME: SMACK STAND MASTER: ERMES COSTELLO The hell is this? What are you doing to me, bitch? Your sentence ends in about a year. Once you're free, you'll have bodyguards. But you are defenseless in here! Yes. It's a perfect fit for you. It's true that prison pipes are not big enough to fit a human being. But that means it fits you perfectly as a coffin. Is that the sound of you falling down? Hey, help me out. Who the hell are you? Let me out, now! -You still don't understand who I am? -What? Take the last few moments of your life to think it through. You left Gloria's body in the gutter. And her suffering drove my father ill. I… lost everything. Beg them for forgiveness in hell, Sports Maximum! If you can with that mouth full of wastewater, that is! I placed a second sticker on the pipe. It'll be a lid for this coffin. It's completely closed now. Now, scream all you want. -You bitch! -Go on, call for help. Only cockroaches and rats will hear you. You belong in the gutter, bastard. Now try to scream, Sports Maximum! Those who rise from the darkness, Limp Viscuit… Come forth and join me… We will share joy in the darkness, Limp Viscuit… Something's there. It's coming towards me. This att*ck! It can't be! Sports Maximum can't be… f*ck, my finger. He's using a Stand ability. I don't understand why I can't see it, but I definitely felt its form. It was bird-shaped! Sticker… Did I win? Did I crush it? I couldn't have known that he gained a Stand ability. How's that? Sports Maximum, you've gone quiet. Did you get crushed inside that pipe? Or did the filthy water fill you up from your mouth to your assh*le, drowning you to death? What is it now? Is Sports Maximum still alive? He must still be alive in that pipe, hence this strange unseen power. It's bigger than the last one. It's fast! This power… Could it be the stuffed alligator from the workshop? Earlier, that was… the bird's corpse moving around. The invisible corpses have gained the power to move. They're the ones attacking me! That bastard. He's trying to bust the pipe and break free! Ermes. Why are you up there? Ermes. Jolyne is worried about you-- Jolyne, F.F, don't come any closer! -F.F! -There's an enemy. There's an alligator. Invisible, dead beasts are crawling around! Damn, it got my leg. Ermes, just what is happening here? -Is this a Stand att*ck? -That's right. It's that bastard, Sports Maximum. He gained a Stand ability without me knowing… Run! It's charging towards you! It's already on the move! Stone Ocean!
