05x08 - Foo Fighters / F.F.QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/29/23 08:18You three, don't take another step! Step away from the water! Don't try to pull anything on us. I know one of you did this! Did what? The one who k*lled the guard and tried to drown us! I know it's one of you! We really need to figure out who snuck in, or we're all toast! What are you talking about? I said don't move. Atroe said she didn't recognize you. What about you two? Do you recall seeing her from the start? I don't recall your faces either. Come on, you know I've been here right from the start. I don't remember your face. Hey! No one remembers you either, bitch. I'm the one who called help over the radio just now. You could be trying to trick us. Wait a second. You, with the black hair. You've got a nosebleed. What the… I couldn't see well, but… Ermes, when I punched the enemy Stand earlier, someone almost collapsed. Step back. Stand away from the water. Hold on, you've got it all wrong! This bitch punched my face just now! Look at her! She's bleeding too. What the hell? Her tooth scratched my arm! I was definitely here right from the start. The culprit is one of these two! Listen, I remember what happened with that crocodile warden! You're the one who caused a scene! She did do that. You guys are just as suspicious… Jolyne! Was it this bitch that att*cked us? How did you figure it out? Well, to be honest, I have no clue who the k*ller is. So I'll just b*at you all up! You… You bitch! She's… I was going to finish you off one by one in the water. Who would've guessed she had a thread ability and would survive the att*ck? Just what are these people? They all k*lled him? What's going on? Who's the actual Stand User? You're wrong. One Stand User for each Stand ability. The women who were here from the start were the black-haired and the shaved-head one. I finished them off because they approached the tractor. I then took over their body and mind. This body, I created it… using the missing inmates' flesh! EPISODE : F.F. The black sludge is gathering from those two. The divided parts of me have now formed into one. For the ability and the intellect Pale Snake's discs have enabled me, I will protect myself at any cost. It is my duty to eliminate those who approach the storage shed. Dammit. Where is the Stand User? You're misunderstanding it, Ermes. He is the Stand User himself. What? He is an organism. He is a living creature who received life and power through the discs. The guard of the discs wasn't human. A living creature? You mean, that conglomeration of those tiny things? It must be using the water in the bodies of its victims to move on land and guard the shed. It stays on land by dividing and multiplying. However, as a car needs gasoline, it needs water to live. To acquire the discs, we need to keep this creature out of the water and defeat it! But Jolyne, how can a tiny flea-like thing talk? F.F. Call me by my name! An astronomer named Fred Hoyle once said, "It is probabilistically wrong to assume that life was born spontaneously on Earth. The power of intellect already existed in this universe, and it created the origin of life." Meaning intellect existed long before the Big Bang, and all substances and organisms already possessed intellect. What is he blabbering on about? He's trying to say that humans are not the only ones with intellect. Even plankton have memory-- I told you to call me F.F.! I am a being of superior intellect than you! This is bad. He's trying to hide the discs before we can get to them. If he buries them underground, we'll never be able to find them! Jolyne, we're in trouble here. Look behind you. That's the creature that att*cked us from the water. He's trying to drag the guard's body. Remember the bracelet? We must stay within  meters of it. It's over, Jolyne. Let's give up on the discs. We must get the guard's body! The bracelet will explode. I'll leave the bracelet to you, Ermes. What? While I run  meters, you protect the guard's body and drag it within my safety range! That's the only way! Hey, I said wait! What a woman. She's nuts! Why would she leave that to me? But, dammit. If it takes the guard's body, then it's over for Jolyne and me. I need to act now! I did it, dammit. But I'll never use the sticker like this ever again. I'll never create another arm for myself. This will hurt, dammit. I just have to carry him within  meters of the shed… Water. You little worm! That holler… You think you've won? This is the corpse your original dried out to the bone. This corpse has zero moisture. My sticker has split it into two. When I remove the sticker… You sure absorb water like a tampon. Or should I say, a drop of water in a desert? Shut up! You're in the way! Scram! Jolyne. We need to dehydrate it. That's the only way to win against these tiny bastards. You made it in time. Either way, I will k*ll you two. I was planning to ask you questions after hiding these discs. But very well. Let me ask you this. Will you jump into the puddle? Or will you try to run? Which death do you prefer? I have questions as well. The one who knows what you are. Is it Pale Snake? Also, what is his aim and reason for collecting the discs? How interesting. I understand the logic behind an offensive defense. And fighting to protect your friends, I can't relate, but it's also within reason. However, I don't understand why you'd come here to die. Well, Pale Snake, was it? Who knows? I've never seen him. You thought I was distracted, you fool? These puddles are already a part of me! Did you plan to break this bag of flour and absorb water? Either way, I fully understand my ability and have created the optimal environment for myself. It may not be so bad to use your body as a host for a while. No. You've already lost. This environment you've created by spilling water everywhere… It will lead to your defeat. You didn't even hear me start the tractor using my threads. The sound was drowned by the water. You got distracted with k*lling me. And now, you've failed to guard the discs. You… Damn you! I cannot allow you to have them! Those discs are my… The dirt in the field is much softer than that of the wetlands. Water is getting absorbed from its body. And there won't be water at the end point! I won't let you lay a single finger on those discs-- Jolyne won this battle of wits. The discs don't belong to you anymore. You're finished! Dry up and become feed for the crops! Jolyne. Jolyne, what the hell are you doing? I'll give it water. Let's just say, I'm saving it. What? F.F. He wasn't guarding the discs out of loyalty to Pale Snake. I know that now. Though it knows its body will wither away, it chased after the discs. It was guarding the discs to protect its own existence. The discs gave it ability and intellect. It risked his life for the gratitude it has, to be able to exist. It could care less about Pale Snake. Hey, you want to save it? It k*lled five people! And it's literally not human! If it's not human, then it doesn't understand evil. Pale Snake is the evil one. Pale Snake only gave it the information that would allow him to take advantage. What? And I have another reason for saving its life. I made a deal with you. These discs, I want you to keep them safe. But do it for us. Keep them out of Pale Snake's hands. My intention is not to take those discs from you. I only want my father's discs back. And I want to know what Pale Snake is scheming to do. Well? Will you help us? But no more k*lling humans. Dammit. You really are something. I don't quite understand your feelings, but I no longer feel like fighting. And, I have lost… completely. DISC OBTAINED SUNBURN (NO CORPSE) SHAVED-HEAD (NO CORPSE) BLACK-HAIRED (BONE-DRY CORPSE) ATROE (DEATH FROM expl*si*n) STAND NAME: F.F. STAND MASTER: F.F. So the discs really were stored in the tire! We finally found them! This is Star Platinum! Jolyne! Are you okay? Hey! I have no doubt about it. This is Star Platinum's disc. My father, Jotaro Kujo, can be resuscitated with it. It's finally in my hand! But I don't see his memory disc. Where could it be? Hey. If I jump out of that window, do you think I'll die? Come on, it's just me. It's me! F.F., just call me that. I recovered whatever remained of her. I wore another inmate's bracelet. I want to use this body as a host for a while. This hand is useless, though. Take over her life? You mean, you'll live in her cell as a prisoner? Jolyne, I want to protect you. According to the memory in this body, her name is Atroe. Inmate number FE. Her childhood dream was to get kidnapped. But when she grew up, she ended up kidnapping a child. She wasn't after the ransom. She doesn't know why she did it. What the… Your arms are bleeding. Do they hurt? But I can't heal them. -What the hell? -Gross! Water! You might want to wait on going inside the prison. How about practicing drinking from a cup first? A cup? That's a piece of cake! Drinking from a cup is nothing. Gross. Hey, I wanted to ask you about Pale Snake. Does he come to this shed often? No, he barely swings by. I've never seen his user either. The discs stored here are the ones he doesn't use. No matter how strong the Stand, the body rejects the disc if you're incompatible. So all the discs are the ones he cannot use. He must have another hiding place for the important ones. And that's why the memory disc you're seeking isn't in this pile. What he really wanted from your father wasn't an invincible Stand ability but his memory. It must be one hell of a secret. Secret… The guards are here. What are you going to do, Jolyne? You have the Star Platinum disc. My next step is to deliver this to the foundation treating my father. If I don't resuscitate him soon, his body will begin to rot. And I'll find his memory disc no matter what it takes. Deliver it outside of this prison. It's harder to get things out of here than in. And the guards will soon conduct a body check. Let me see that disc for a sec. I'll just make my boobs a bit bigger. Ta-da. F.F., raise your hands or you'll get sh*t. Ermes, you too. The guard was att*cked by a crocodile. We saved him. We don't know what happened to the other inmates. That's the story we're sticking to, okay? She was just bait. Jolyne was just bait to attract Jotaro. I believed she would be harmless. Jolyne Cujoh. Did she defeat the guard by herself and take the discs? Could it be that the surviving inmates aided Jolyne? Hey, it's already sundown. You must return to the prison soon. Are you that worried about the missing inmates, Father Pucchi? A moment, please. I will be staying here until I give the sacrament on Sunday.
