05x18 - Enter the Foo Fighters / Enter the F.F.QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/29/23 08:29Is there anything you can do for us? All right. Okay. I can go defend her. Jolyne Cujoh, that is. I'll take care of this geezer! Southeast,  degrees,  minutes and  seconds. This time, you will not survive. Face southwest,  degrees,  minutes. F.F., it's behind you! I said, your enemy is the geezer! His arm flew behind F.F's head! Was that a coincidence just now? That prisoner's glasses flew up and stabbed F.F.'s face! Unlucky direction. I'm starting to understand it. He's using feng shui. There is a principle called feng shui in East Asia. Kenzou uses that dragon-like Stand to choose his direction of att*ck. F.F., this area is your worst luck. Just above your left ear. My att*ck overlapped with your orientation of death! F.F.! No… this is seriously bad. Stop. You cannot save them. The direction of our worst luck exists for you and me as well. And once it's decided, no living being can escape it. It was proven to us just now. Their next target will be you. No. I'm not talking about their head getting chopped in half. I'd rather that their head bleed profusely. It's worse that they're barely bleeding at all. All the damage has depleted the water levels in their body. The plankton in their body are starting to die off! I'm glad it's not gushing out. But that was the unluckiest direction, without a doubt. EPISODE : ENTER THE F.F. What? Return to me, dragon! That almost finished you off, geezer! Never… Never again! Never will I set my foot off of the direction of safety! sh*t, he escaped to a safe area. But… I'm starting to understand the orientations, and ways around it! A mirror… I need to make a mirror! If only there was a mirror midair, then I can reflect that dragon on it. I can trick Kenzou into stepping towards a fake direction of safety. Then, I'd have a chance to b*at him down. But first, I must have water. I can make a mirror out of water. I need water to heal from all the damage too, but right now, I need to replenish on water to create a mirror midair! In the past, over , believers followed my teachings and walked in my steps. But ever since I came to this prison, my life has changed. I'm mocked. Everyone mocks me and laughs at me. Even a pedophile who kidnapped children ridiculed me. Forty years… I've suffered this for  years! I was once respected! Forty years ago, I basked in glory! And those days will come again. The feng shui which saved me from the ravaging fire has now taken form as my Stand! I will reign as Founder once again! Though I may fail to break out of here, fervent followers will return to me! After I finish you off, that is! Now, meet your end! Drake's Dream! Reveal to me the direction of the finishing blow! F.F., just beyond the stairs! There's a fire hose! Hey, you. Don't just stand there and explain things. Go help F.F.! You have a Stand, don't you? Fight with F.F. to finish off that geezer! Only if F.F. dies. My terms do not include helping F.F. Our deal only extends to saving you. Besides, F.F. themself said they don't want any help. When they saw your injuries, F.F. directed me to protect you from the enemies in this Disciplinary Wing. Where is it? How do I make water come out? Where is the valve? Don't come here. This area contains your worst luck yet. Guard against it at all costs. Or else, you will be dealt a decisive and fatal blow. You don't have time to drink water! Of their own volition? F.F., what the hell are you doing? The att*ck against you has been decided! What are you thinking? F.F. must have water above anything else. Even in the way of a decided att*ck or the zone of worst luck. They got rid of their arms on purpose so that they could fit into that hose. They did it! They finally have water-- That's your own arm. Here comes the assassination feng shui. Looks like you desperately wanted water, but you will never be at an advantage from now on. My att*ck will only bring you the worst luck. Such is the assassination feng shui, Drake's Dream! That's what it means to have your fate sealed! They couldn't reach water. They didn't even touch it! What happens now? Underneath this Disciplinary Wing is the execution room. The State of Florida permits the death penalty. Two or three prisoners a year are ex*cuted on a ,-volt electric chair. D-damn… I was so close to touching the water. But I did bust the pipe. I need to reach the water upstairs somehow. At this rate, I'll… Plankton like them would perish in an instant. sh*t! This chair, it can't be! What? Don't tell me it's already on! Does that sound mean the electricity is ready to run? Bullshit! I won't let it run! Let's see what kind of an end you'll meet with my att*cks. Anyone can predict the outcome of this situation at this point. Before it turns on, I will get the drops of water dripping from the ceiling! Looks like your place on that chair was already decided by fate. Take this! Behold, you will never obtain water. And that was right on time. You will now meet your end! STAND NAME: F.F. STAND MASTER: F.F. F.F.! The absolute orientation of att*ck and flawless direction of defense. Assassination feng shui. It took  years, but I can now say I have mastered it. The Founder reigns again! With this, I'll go down in history as a Buddha equal to Shakyamuni! You know I'm supposed to stay neutral. I'm in no position to tell you this, geezer. But F.F. finally got the water they wanted. If it weren't for your kick, they wouldn't have had any. You ran a little too much, you -year-old man. You can't help but sweat when they had you running all over the place. And your perspiration became the water they needed. F.F. made a mirror out of your sweat. With enough sweat to fill a third of a cup, they can form a floating mirror. What I'm saying is that you're seeing my reflection. So you are by no means standing in the orientation of safety. It's a draw. The only chance at defeating assassination feng shui is a draw. They have braced themself for this moment. That's right, take this. I'll share this unluckiest fate with you! The direction of safety… F.F.… It's over. On to the next. You wanted to look for the bone, right? We must start thinking ahead. At the least, you won't fall victim to Kenzou's assassination feng shui now. It was indeed a formidable Stand. F.F.! Inconceivable. Jolyne Cujoh, what are you doing? Your body has suffered more damage than you realize! The colony of plankton inside F.F.'s body has already been wiped out by , volts of electricity. You know better than anyone else! B-But the dragon… The dragon is still here! They must have let go of him a moment too early. Or it could be that plankton are more susceptible to electricity than humans. Kenzou is still alive! Wait! You cannot manifest your Stand with that body! Has revenge driven you mad? I won't let him stay alive like this. Stone Ocean! You cannot hit me. I will finish you and reign as the Founder once again! I see it now. So that's the direction of safety. So I see. You were after Kenzou's direction of safety. Once you identified the direction impervious from every att*ck, then F.F., who scattered along with the mirror, should be safe in this spot. The plankton there should've been safe from the , volts. You att*cked him to find this exact spot. F.F. survived. Good grief. How could this be? Jolyne! You think you've won now, do you? You think you have defeated me? Jolyne Cujoh. There is no change in my plans to defeat you. You haven't noticed, now have you? You have already… stepped inside my assassination feng shui's direction! My thread is inside the dragon! The att*ck is absolute! Your worst luck has now been decided! It doesn't matter how I choose to att*ck, because your defeat is already decided! I won! Now, kneel before me! The Founder's reign cannot be altered! What? Hey… I dealt a blow, didn't I, Drake's Dream? Assassination feng shui is absolute. My deadly kick should have defeated Jolyne, isn't that right? Yeah, she couldn't dodge your deadly blow. Then how is Jolyne unscathed, while I'm clinging to this fence? What? Dragon, show me the direction of safety… Come now, dragon, why are you moving away? Tell me the direction of safety! Why won't you come closer? I want to ask that myself. You are the one getting farther away. You let go of that railing, and now you are falling down. Why are you just blabbering? I said, tell me the direction! I told you, you are the one getting farther away. Geezer, look at your own legs. Something is really wrong with it. There's something off about them. You could have gotten att*cked when you kicked Jolyne. Oh, that's… What the hell? That's not her thread Stand! What is that Stand emerging out of Jolyne Cujoh's body? Diver Drive. I submerged it into her body. Though the att*ck on Jolyne was decided, it protected her precisely at the moment of your blow. What the hell? This man who came with F.F., Anastasia. He put his own Stand into my body and destroyed Kenzou's legs in an instant. His bones and muscles were entirely disassembled. They were then rearranged into this spring-like shape. It is now a suspension made of meat and bones. However, Kenzou is not feeling any pain. But I don't feel pain either, thanks to that Stand that manipulated the guards into fighting. But… Even my hips! I need the direction of safety, dragon! I can't reach it! I'm coming your way! Is he really an ally? He's capable of dealing such terrible damage. Just who is this man? That's it. I love that. Yes, I want you to gaze at me more. Look at me with those eyes. The direction of safety is northeast and your lucky color is cerulean blue. But you know… I think you're done for. You sure aged a ton in a fight that lasted a few minutes. KENZOU ( YEARS OLD) STAND NAME: DRAKE'S DREAM BEYOND RECOVERY Are you okay, Jolyne? Yes… The pain is hitting me all of a sudden. But I have to find the bone and the small man who picked it up. Wait just a moment. I can fill your wounds. Hurry. I have to get it back soon. My father's disc.
