05x27 - Sky HighQuotePostby bunniefuu » 07/14/23 07:36Wow, so this is auto-pilot mode.I'm getting the hang of it.  Don't get carried away.Didn't you read that helicopters crash?  Emporio, head west. We need to go west.  Why? At this rate, we'll bein Cape Canaveral in    minutes.  It's the priest's presence.  For some reason,it's now in three to four locations.  It's just west.  I have no doubt thathe is close to Orlando.  -I feel strange.-What?   Ermes, my eye feels weird.   My eyelids! They're closing!   Jolyne, something is off!   What?   My eyelids!   My eyes won't open!   What's going on, Ermes?   What is happening?   I don't know!   But something else is here!   Dammit…   EPISODE   : Sky High   Emporio, control the helicopter!   I'm trying to put it back in auto-pilot!   We're under att*ck.   What did it do to us?   Hurry! We're tilting down to the right!   I can't see anything!My eyelids won't budge!   There's definitely something in here!   Are you sure?My web of strings can't detect it.   Yeah! It slid in through the window.   It moves quickly so I didn't notice.   sh*t. Its speed wouldn't be a problemif we can figure out its position!   Can you get rid of itif we learn its position?   If we knew its direction of speed?   Yeah, I'm certain of it.   All right.   Ermes,   how fast are we going right now?   Is it    kph? Or    kph?   What?   We're ditching this ride. Emporio!   What?   You're crazy, Jolyne!   We won't survive this height!   I can see it now!Yes, I can read where it is!   I got it! I smashed it!   That wasn't the only one!   Ermes, we can't drop any lower. Hang on!   Emporio, are you okay?   I can open my eyes.   I can see again.   What happened?   Don't let your guard down.They're not through with us.   There were dozens of them!   Also, they're not Stands.They're living organisms!   What are these things?   So the enemy Stand Usercan control these creatures?   Wait, I've seen it somewhere.   Until now,   I couldn't even drive a car.   But recently, I'm learning to focus.   I have enough focus to sh**t downa helicopter out of the air.   I have no doubt.   He is one of the presences I sensed.   You must be the priest's ally.   Rikiel,   think of the man named Dio.   ORLANDO STATE HOSPITAL   Think of your bloodline,   sons who have never known your father.   Both of my eyelids   close shut out of the blue.   I always get like this.   I went to the doctor,   but there's nothingphysically wrong with me.   That's all they ever say.   I was    when it started.   I was taking my end-of-year exam.   Suddenly, I couldn't breathe.   The people around me   either pitied or ignored me.   That made me sweat even more.   That was the last time I went to school.   I can't see! My eyelids! I can't breathe!   Goodness, my hands and foreheadare covered in sweat!   This happens when I get overwhelmed.   Rikiel.   I don't have an ability!   I'm a good-for-nothing!   But you do. I see it in you.   You happened to never come around to it.   Have you heard of creatures called "rods"?   They are also known as "skyfish."   They are cryptids.   Not much is known about them,and their corpses are rarely found.   TV crews have attemptedto capture them in the past,   but failed due to their insane speed.   They're too fast for the naked eye,   thus have only been seen on video footage.    I looked into your ability disc.    I found out that these rods    have a habitat here in Florida.    Are you talking about them, Father?    I saw them. Just now!    My eyes are open!    Can I control these creatures,and that's my ability?    Did one of them touch me just now?    No, it didn't. However…    Rods were around me all this time.    Now get going, Rikiel.    Starting today, your Stand abilityshall be known as Sky High.    Learn about the rods' mechanisms    and use them to your advantage.    Leave it to me. I feel like I'm reborn.    I'm no longer a mutt panting for air.    "Rods"?    Yeah. If these are rods,    we can unravel its mechanismby finding out their sustenance.    No one knows what they feed on.    Rods are able to fly aroundwithout colliding into objects.    The secret lies in their sustenance!    Emporio, stay back.    Come closer,    Jolyne Cujoh and Ermes.    For the rods' att*ckto deal precise damage,    I'll just wait for them to close in…    Hey, don't get too close to him.    We have to learn moreabout his ability first.    He was willing to expose himself    because the closer he is,the more precise his att*cks are.    He also chose a confined spacelike the helicopter,    because att*cks in an open fieldwon't be precise.    Calm down.    The range of their Standsis less than two meters.    They can't strikeunless they're close, either.     Dammit!    I parked my bike on mud.    I have to rev it up andmove it to more solid ground.    Where's my key? Where'd I put it?    The rocks made a curve!    He didn't even try to deflect the throw!    Yeah, I have no idea how that happened.    But Emporio,    the rocks didn't change their course.    One more!    I can't breathe!    My eyelid, it's twitching!    There they are, Ermes.I can see them clearly.    They're flying all around!    The rods are suspended in air!    He's having a panic att*ck    and is losing control over his ability!    Turns out you're hereto get a good b*ating!    There it is! I never took the key out!    My hand!    It was July     .    Neil Armstrong made historyas the first man to walk on the moon    on the Apollo    mission.    I never understood its significance.    It's engineers and scientistswho fly rockets to space.    Even monkeys can become astronauts.    But the first timeI fully caught sight of rods,    it finally dawned on me.    The first step on the moonwas made by humanity's willpower.    On that same day,humanity left the earth and evolved.    Mental evolution is invaluable!    My hand! It's rotting away!    It's bloody! My pee is bloody!    I can't feel my legs!    What the hell did you do?    You choose to stand in the wayof the priest's evolution.    My hatred burns hotter than tempered iron,    and I choose to eliminate you all!    STAND NAME: Sky HighSTAND MASTER: RIKIEL    Jolyne Cujoh.    You're next,but I'll finish you all at once.    He targets the inside of our bodies.    Unless the att*ck is internal,    a physical blow wouldn'ttwist her up like that.    The inside of our bodies?    This imprint!    I'm starting to understand.    Jolyne, our body heat!    Rods feed on our body heat!    Bloody urine is caused by kidney damage.    Jotaro's disc kept one kidney safe,    but the other side is cool to touchfrom losing body heat!    When I was at the ghost room,    I read something from a bookon the second row of the shelf.    A damaged body part    is colder than the rest of the body.    If your hand is robbed of heat,    the fingers curl and eventually rot.    Chill the eyelids and they droop.    Chill just one kidney,    and blood enters the urine stream.    The rods,    they convert body heat from othersinto their own energy!    They come close, but they never touch.    You don't realize what they've done,    until an illness takes a toll on you.    You little know-it-all.    He's right,    but I don't cause the illness to k*ll you.    I only meant to immobilize.    To strike you on a specific body part,that is!    Cooling this certain body part is fatal.    The body part which controlseach and every organism.    It's the brain stem!    I will now steal your body heatfrom your first vertebra.    Now, strike!    Jolyne, the water!Get your head under water.    No, Emporio. Give me your lighter.    The ghost lighter.    Give it to me.    This is too reckless!    This is nothing    compared to everything elsewe've been through.    Compared to finding that priest,    this is nothing.    This bitch!    I'm mentally stronger than her.    Where?    Find it,    find a target to finish her off!    -What the…-She got him!    A star-shaped birthmark.    I don't know who you are,    but I guess you can tell usabout the priest.    After we give you a good b*ating, that is.    Think of your bloodline.    That's right, I've changed.    No.    Rods cannot focus on one body part    when the target is covered in flames.    But if I'm also covered in flames,    I would know exactly.    I can find your vulnerable spot    through my own senses.    My heart soars like Apollo   .    Jolyne Cujoh, I will surpass you!    Jolyne, hurry up and finish him!    What are you doing?    He's behind you!    You can't see me now, can you?    I found your weaknessby setting myself on fire.    It's the mouth, left open to breathe!    The thalamus is a relay stationfor all sensory information.    It sits above the upper jaw in your mouth.    Rods enter through your mouth    and rob your body heat away.    The rods targeted your thalamus.    Your eyes can't register me anymore!    Victory is mine!I won't have any more panic att*cks.    I will reclaim my life!    I am Apollo   !    I don't need my sight.    The rods are targeting my mouth?    Then I won't breathe either.    Rikiel first came after the helicopter.    Just as I sensedThe Green Baby's position,    and just as the priest sensedthat I've broken out…    I will ask what you are.    Next, I will ask    what the priest is planning.    Her resolve is stronger than ever before.    Jolyne's determined to reach the priest.    She inherited the convictionfrom her father Jotaro Kujo.    Is this the same Jolynewho used to cry over nothing?    You won.    But it is I, Rikiel, who will helpthe priest get to Heaven.    Rods have already infected my body.    The nerves in my head and bodyhave been cut off.    I'm now numb to any pain or shock.    I will fight until I die.    Take my life in exchange for yours.    Will you defeat me first?    Or will the rods rob your body heat first?    My palm extinguished the flamecovering your first vertebra!    I'll k*ll you!    Get her, rods!    Jolyne!    Jolyne!    Jolyne!    What is this?    sh*t.    I intentionally subdued the firecovering her neck    so that the rods can rob her body heat.    My hand… dammit.    My hand is numb.    My fingers    kept her neck safe!    f*ck.    -Jolyne!-Jolyne won!    Did you mean to keep my hand on your neckbefore you b*at me down?    Or was it all a coincidence?    It was a fluke.    I was desperate.    An answer I hoped for. How kind.    Do you mean it?    What are you?    Why did you go to the priest?    Listen. I'm content right now.    Before, I couldn't even ride a car.    Now, I can breathe just fine.    The priest filled a hole in my heart.    That's why I gave up my life for him.    Running through the priest's veins    is the conviction of a man named Dio.    Dio's will draws the sons to the priest.    We are merely pawns of fatewho help the priest reach heaven.    Jolyne Cujoh,    you are no exception.    You reaching Cape Canaveralwill only serve the priest's purpose.    I now understand.    You said so yourself,it was a coincidence.    You didn't mean for my handto stay on your neck.    Nothing but luck.    It doesn't matter whether I win or lose.    I understand now.    The priest needs your luck.    Coincidences that tilt in your favor.    That is what he wishes for!    You have the strongest fateout of anyone else.    Is it me?    Or is it you?    The priest needs the onewith the stronger fate.    The strongest power of this universe    isn't attained through calculations.    Fate gathers and takes shape.    That man also has a unique fate.    That is why the priest extractedonly his memory    and kept him alive all this time.    Weather Report.    If that man breaks free,    then it's not to help your cause.    He will carry his powerful fateto the priest.    When a new star-shaped birthmarkemerged on Father Pucchi,    the same must have appearedon Weather's shoulder.    He is the priest's younger brother.    Don't waste your time listeningto his nonsense.    My sister was k*lled    by Sports Maximum,who revived Dio's bones.    Was that also for fate's sake? Bullshit.    The priest existsso that I can b*at him to a pulp.    Let's go to Orlando.    We need to go find the priest.    Was it really a coincidence thatJolyne didn't move Rikiel's hand?    Or was it intentional?    Jolyne didn't say a worduntil the very end.    RIKIELSTAND NAME: Sky High - BEYOND RECOVERY    FOUR MORE DAYS UNTIL THE NEW MOON    Under Florida's transportation law,    bikers are not legally requiredto wear helmets.    Though tragic fate may befall a biker,    an individual's right to keepthe head uncovered is prioritized.    They are free to choose for themselves.    They have been free since long ago,    and they will continue toenjoy such freedom.    RODS - SOMEWHERE ON THIS EARTH
