05x16 - The Secret of Guard WestwoodQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/29/23 08:27Then Jolyne got punished on purpose so that she gets confined at the Disciplinary Wing to find the bone! Yes. If I successfully protect her to the end, then I will marry her. This is my condition. Got that? Diver Drive! Give us your blessing. The electric potential sending signals to the nervous system is very small, at mV. This Stand dwells in that slight pulse of energy. Survivor's att*ck is mostly unnoticed, and it doesn't cause any harm. It simply awakens its victim's anger. EPISODE : THE SECRET OF GUARD WESTWOOD Bastards! I can see the strongest parts of each fighter's body from here! It's Fight Club time! Let's brawl! I've always found you irritating, f*ckers! The enemy User must be among them. One of them manipulated the guards into fighting. The bone lurking somewhere within this Ultra Security House Unit… I'll do anything it takes to make it mine! I won't let anyone stand in my way. If anyone dares, I will k*ll-- Hold on… k*ll? Did I really think that just now? This burning feeling awakening within me… Is this my fighting spirit? It urges me to conquer all no matter who I'm up against or what happens to me. Why do I feel so aggressive? This prison guard… Now, he wants to do to me what he did to the other guard. But that's fine. He's no match for my Stone Ocean. Stone Ocean! I can see it, FE. I can see your strongest point. It's the thread-like thing coming out of your muscles. It's beautiful. So that's your strongest power. His movements just now… Though his fight with the other guard was uncanny and brutal, it was still just a brawl. But now, his movements are beyond what humans can do! I have to defeat him with all my power as fast as I can! The guard's muscles… They are shining beautifully. Also, the sequence of his movements just now… How is a human capable of ignoring fear and pain to exert that much force when attacking and jumping? But if the beautiful lights emanating from his muscles indicate his strongest parts, then that leg of his right now… That's the leg I att*cked. My att*ck was effective! I can feel it. I can tell that my att*ck did some deep damage to his leg! Bastard. Who said you can walk in front of me? You're pissing me off! The others have started fighting too. Take this! Damn prison guard! I must incapacitate him as quickly as I can and focus on finding the bone! Good thing you didn't wring your own neck with that swing of yours. Now, just stay there! What the hell just happened? How did he att*ck me? This prison guard! What did you do just now? This is… So he is also a Stand User. There's more than one User in this Disciplinary Wing. He already had a Stand on a disc! But what did he do, and how? I left him no chance to counter me. And I didn't see his Stand, so how did he att*ck me? It's deep. f*ck, it's deep. He can't leave a wound this deep with a stashed razor blade or a Kn*fe. Just what did he do to me? If he has a power-type Stand, then I should be able to see it! FE. You use threads to att*ck. I see threads and a bundle of them in your body. Your strongest power comes from using this ability. That's what makes you strong. How beautiful. I can see your shine. When did you become a Stand User? Yesterday? Or a moment ago? I saw it! I saw his Stand! His Stand took form! A Stand User… So this bastard is the assassin sent to eliminate me. Strings do not require power to defend. A punch's straight trajectory can easily be changed by throwing it off by just a little. Right into my trap. Now that you've used both of your arms, I can restrict all your movements. In other words… you'll get covered with my jacket. Stone Ocean! I won't let you get back up. Wha… what? It's happening again! What does his Stand do? No, I can't see it! What did it do? I have you now! You're just a piece of sh*t. You've made a fool out of me. How dare you. Prisoners are the scum of society. Nothing infuriates me more than scum like you treating me like sh*t. I spent every day on duty irritated like this. How dare you look down on me. I'll make you pay. I'm not holding back anymore! I'll release my anger now. I won't hold anything back. I'll make sure you pay. I am the strongest! I'm going crazy, and you're going to get it! What's that on the ceiling window? No, so his Stand is… This isn't good! At this rate, I'll be… I have to get away! His Stand's att*ck is coming towards me! I got you now. I've completely locked you in. Did you forget that I'm a prison guard? I detain prisoners almost every day at my job. Your right hand may seem to be free, but this headlock does more than choke. I'm also twisting the joint on your left shoulder so that your right arm goes dead and doesn't rise. Your right hand won't reach my face. This headlock has one weakness, which I know very well. Your right hand is free to grab my balls. Of course, I wouldn't mind that if the situation were different. But I can even block that too! It's coming! If I don't do something, his Stand's true form will… That ceiling! The ceiling window's hard glass… Those cracks! I have to break free! Stone Ocean! I tore his eardrum! His grip loosened! The universe is full of countless space rocks and debris. Many of such rocks are drawn in by the gravitational pull of the earth. While the majority disintegrate before reaching the surface, what if the meteorites could retain optimal angle and speed while entering the atmosphere? STAND NAME: STARLIGHT WAVES STAND MASTER: VIVIANO WESTWOOD Oh, so you're coming too. I can do this by myself. I make and call the sh*ts around here. Yes, I asked for your help, but let's make that clear. Also, if Pale Snake really is determined to eliminate Jolyne, he must have sent two assassins, no, even more than that. There must be at least three Stand Users after Jolyne's life. You and I will get rid of them, then meet back here. Got that? Fine. I plan to be back before that guard wakes up. Also, we already agreed that I'll marry Jolyne. Don't forget that. Yeah, so about that… What the hell do you mean? I really don't get you. Meteorites! His att*cks are the meteorites that are drawn to this prison guard! That's what was smashing into me. His Stand attracts meteorites from space. But they always burn away before they can hit him. And another one will fall. He'll attract another one! Before that happens… I got you! This time, I won't let go! I'll be the victor, shining beautifully. I am the strongest! Stone Ocean! I'll strip off your skin from toe to head! Now let me go, you f*cking guard! He loosened his grip! I barely dodged them. I tried to deflect the meteorites toward him, but it's just like the last time. Not a single meteorite will hit him. They disintegrate the moment before they hit him! That prison guard's Stand ability attracts the falling meteorites toward his body like a magnet! But no matter what I try, the meteorites hit only me when I get close to him. How bizarre. Burning rocks are falling toward me from the sky. Are they meteorites? Could this be my strongest power? FE. How many of them have smashed into you? Your wounds look serious. They got both your arms, your left ribs, and your right leg. So that's five times. Or is that six? The next one will be your fatal blow. What a bluff. You are barely able to stand right now. Not even, you are just trying to fool me with that stance. In truth, you can't fight me with those arms anymore. Your arm muscles are pitch-black. The muscles have really lost their shine. Why don't we fool around a bit? Let's see how bad your damage is. What's the matter? Come on, give me a swing. I'm not even blocking. Here, att*ck me. How do you want to punch me? I'll even close my eyes for you. Over there! That little thing he's got. That's the bone Pale Snake is after! That's the bone! It's right over there! You can't even fight anymore! You are using the wall to block the meteorites. I knew you'd try that! Meteorites were already crashing towards me from the other side of the wall! I won! I knew it, you are so damaged that you can't even block my blows! One stared at the wall While the other looked up at the stars On the other side of the bars Which am I? And now, one more hit! The bone is right over there. I will do anything to get close to Pale Snake. I'll even drink sewage water. I'll even become the strongest! I win! There's no way for you to escape the meteorite now! Of course, I want to look up at the stars. I want to keep looking at them until I see Dad again. Good grief. Here comes your final blow! You're done for! I can't dodge this final blow. I can't block it with Stone Ocean anymore. I am superior! But… I did manage to slip off your right shoe. She even put a brick in my boot! She took the hit, but the damage was halved! She changed its course! The meteorite will disintegrate. It's impossible to hit you with it. I'm strictly speaking about the meteorite, that is. My boot! Seriously, good grief. You bitch! Stone Ocean! What is up with this bitch? She really doesn't give up. She doesn't give up at all. Dammit. Yes, if the meteorite collides into something else first, then she can hit me with it. How terrible. How dare she do such a terrible thing against me. This woman… I choose to look up at the stars. Match over!
