05x35 - C-Moon (2)QuotePostby bunniefuu » 07/14/23 07:43That's where heaven will be.  This location is Cape Canaveral.  Kennedy Space Center.  Ermes!  In the beginning of all matter,there was gravity.  My right hand!  Jolyne Cujoh!  So you are the one who's beenhelping Jolyne this whole time.  We have to stay away from his att*cks!   Anything that touches its fistturns inside out.   I don't know its range,but it makes everything fall sideways!   So that's how the weak gravityat Cape Canaveral   affected and evolved the priest's Stand!   To achieve happiness,humans must bear a curse,   and overcome fate.   The trial Dio and I had to overcomewas Joestar's bloodline.   Her heart was turned inside out.   It's the phone!   It didn't have a signal a moment ago.   Could this be…   Jolyne is alive.   She's alive, but just barely.   Mr. Jotaro!   He's nearby!   Anasui, find Jolyne!   Jolyne isn't dead!   What?   What did you do, Jolyne Cujoh?   Your heart was turned inside out!   We must settle the score.   The Joestar bloodline must be overcome!   Where are you going?   The best way to protect Jolyneis to k*ll that priest!   EPISODE   : C-Moon ( )   Jolyne… I sense she isin no condition to move.   How did she survive?   Could it be that I missed her vitals?   No.   Without a doubt,my Stand struck her heart.   I was certain of it.   Could it be Joestar's blood,   the bloodline of Kujo?   Is it getting in the way of Dio and me,once again?   I absolutely must finish offJolyne Cujoh here.   Both in prison and in Orlando,Jolyne Cujoh interfered.   She's a trial that I must overcometo achieve my purpose.   Have confidence, Father Pucchi.   Fate will choose to side with me.   Dio and I have a purpose much granderthan their pitiful sense of justice.   Not a single human can hinder my plans!   Hey you…   Call a doctor.   What happened to my hip bone?   Help me!   I'm close. I'm very close.   Jolyne Cujoh fell near here.   She's here.That's a piece of Jolyne's clothing.   Jolyne went inside this building.   By the way, do not comea single step closer to me.   Stand back.I don't even count you as an obstacle.   Retreat, C-Moon!   That man is not Anasui!   Diver Down can submerge in more placesthan just the walls or the ground.   I found a tourist who d*edfrom your gravity ability,   and changed his bone structureto match mine.   You're already within my range.   Take this! Diver Down!   I missed!   He turned his own face inside out.   To me, you're merely a pesky flyI can easily swat away.   She touched my face.   That was Jolyne Cujoh's hand.   She's on the move.   What is she planning to do?   How is she able to move?   That's blood.   She is wounded, without a doubt.   My heart tells me to track her down,no matter what.   I will end her, right here and now!   Jotaro Kujo will be here any minuteto rescue Jolyne Cujoh.   If Anasui rejoins the fight,the battle will be difficult.   Jolyne Cujoh's allies are headed this way   in hopes to save her life.   Hence it is now,   I must vanquish you, once and for all.   Your death   shall crush the resolve and hopesof your allies who have gathered here.   Especially Jotaro,who will lose his daughter.   His purpose and resolve in lifeshall vanish along with Jolyne.   He will no longer be a matchfor Dio and me.   I must finish her off, here and now!   I will find you, no matter the cost!   Come out, Jolyne Cujoh!   Show yourself!   Jolyne Cujoh!   It's only her thread.   Dammit, she's behind me!   I will give it my allto k*ll you right here!   I know that you are wounded!    I am the center of gravity,so if I turn my body upside down,    everything will fall toward my feet.    C-Moon!    Both strikes landed!    Both your arms are now useless!    Those strange shapes…    Why didn't her arms turn inside out?    How could this be?    Show yourself, Jolyne Cujoh!    You cannot run from your fate!    What is that thing?    What is that?    What's the shape of that thing,where her heart should be?    Stone Ocean!    Mobius strips?    Is that what you're creating?    STAND NAME: STONE OCEANSTAND MASTER: JOLYNE CUJOH    Start tracing its surface with a finger,    and keep going.    Follow the surfacewithout lifting the finger.    Before long, you have traced both sides.    You will be back at your starting point.    This non-orientable shapewas discovered in the   th century    by a German mathematician.    It is called "Mobius strip,"after his name.    The back side existsonly if there is a front side.    If there's no front and back,there's no turning inside out.    A non-orientable infinity strip    can be made with thread!    Is that what she created?    Did she make a Mobius stripthe instant she was struck?    I admire the first humanwho tried to eat mushrooms.    They risked poisoning themselves.    Was he a fool who happened to get lucky?    Otherwise,    was the discovery drivenby his desperate starvation?    Would you survive if I strike your head?    A single hit will do.    Which angle would be best?    A single hit to the head is all it takes.    Is this all you've got?    I'm disappointed.    Come at me with everything you got!    No.    I'm waiting for a definitive moment.    I've been circling you, containing myself.    I'm waiting forthe perfect moment to strike.    Do you understand?    The more I walk around,    the more these objects fall.    That's why I'm waiting.    I'm waiting for victoryto fall into my hands.    Do you understand?    Is your Mobius strip enough to save you,    considering your wounds?    There it is.The chance I've been waiting for!    A security officer's corpse!    It's in my hand!    Jolyne!    -sh*t!-Whoa!    Dammit.    Jolyne!    Jolyne!    What?    The Speedwagon Foundation    sh*t this harpoon from the skythree kilometers above.    It was aimed to landon the Visitor Center's premises.    I made a copy of it with my sticker,and duplicated the harpoon.    When the sticker is removed,the copy flies back to the original.    I clung on to the harpoon,so that despite your gravity,    I can be pulled up here in an instant.    Then, I used my Standto break it into pieces.    We came to this spotwhere he felt her presence.    Dad…    Jotaro Kujo and Ermes!    You're surrounded, Father Pucchi.    Completing your Stand in    hourswas just your wishful thinking.    It's over.    You have no allies left.    You will be defeated beforethe new moon arrives!    You're mistaken, Emporio.    As I thought, fate…    gives me trials, yet sides with me.    The ones who will aid mein attaining my powers    are the Joestar descendants!    After being stuck underthis steel framing,    I now understand!    My allies were the Kujos all along!    What the hell?He's rising up towards the sky!    I am the center of gravity.    I understand now, Dio!    This is the answer.    I have no need to wait another    hoursfor the new moon to arrive.    I need the gravitational forceof the new moon.    Then I'll just float higher in the sky    and find an areawith equal gravitational pull.    I'll put myself where there is gravityequal to that of the new moon!    There must be an exact spotthat can complete C-Moon's power!    You think we'll let you get away?    You don't know when to surrender, do you?    Stay calm, look for the exact location.    Count the prime numbersand maintain my composure.    -Thirteen, seventeen…-That bastard is muttering something!    Gravity hasn't changed!    It's still pulling us sideways.    Ermes, look to your right.    Pick up the g*n he dropped.    You've grown, Jolyne.    Hold onto the guardrails.    Ermes,    pick up the g*n and sh**t him.    C-Moon!    Star Platinum: The World!    You wish to use your Standto deflect the b*ll*ts.    Time can stay stopped fora maximum of five seconds.    You will not see this harpoon.    Once the time starts again,    the harpoon will impale you.    Three seconds.    Two seconds.    One second.    Time will now start.    What just happened?    The harpoon missed.    He dodged during my time stop.    That priest…    He's unharmed.    He's opening the hatch.    It looks like he's trying to board it.    The Space Shuttle is in the air!    The priest is insidethe exhibition Shuttle!    He dodged the harpoon, but how?    Damn…    he's not only trying to get away.    Don't tell me…    he learned somethingthat he shouldn't have,    a condition that will allow himto complete his Stand!    It is you who broughtthis Pucchi to heaven.    All this time, even in prison,my allies were you.    Father in heaven,    guide me!    Watch over me,    that I shall not stray from my path.    I give myself to thee!    Yes, I feel it!    The position! It's here!
