05x25 - Bohemian Rhapsody (1)QuotePostby bunniefuu » 07/14/23 07:28North latitude,    degrees    minutes,  west longitude,    degrees    minutes.  Wait for the next new moon.  This location is Cape Canaveral.  Kennedy Space Center.  It will be during the new moon.  Six more days.  My father would never letthe priest get away.  I am Jolyne Cujoh!   I have to seal what he took.   We are breaking out.We're about to leave this place.   Take me with you then.   Good-bye, lovely Aquarium.   I thought it was a sh*tholewhen I first got there.   But now that we're out…   -It was…-It was…   -the shittiest place ever.-the shittiest place ever.   That's a gas station.   And that's a bus stop!   Are we riding a bus?   I've never been on a bus before.   We're escaped convicts.   We're bound to get caughtif we hop on a bus.   But we can't exactly track downthe priest on foot.   First, we need to securea means of transportation.   EPISODE   : Bohemian Rhapsody ( )   What did you say?   Weather Report.   Jolyne is no longer   in the prison's Female Wardnor the solitary cells.   I can tell by the shift in the air.   It must mean that she managed to escape.   Hold on a second.   A star-shaped birthmark.   What exactly are you?   I saw the same birthmark   on the back of The Green Baby's neck.   And I've heard that Jolyne's fatheralso has the same mark.   If you can't recall, then surmise.   How did you end up at Green Dolphin?   You say you don't have any memories,   but doesn't that meanthe priest took your memory disc?   One thing is for certain. He's our enemy.   I will break out, track the man,and defeat him to learn the truth.   What will you do?   Two convicts have escapedThe Green Dolphin Street State Prison.   The convicts' names areJolyne Cujoh and Ermes Costello.   We have released their photosand are seeking information.   Jolyne got past Mew Mew's Stand,   and is now coming after me.   The hell? Why won't my car start?   Got plenty of gas in the t*nk.This has never happened before.   I've never missed a maintenance check.   Sorry, Father.   We're nowhere near your destination,but it's as far as we can go.   I'll radio for another cab.   No, here is fine. I'm not in a hurry.   I've felt ill since I took on my new form.   Five days remainuntil the next new moon rises.   I must keep them away,   whether it's Jolyne or someone else.   Hurry, he's in cardiac arrest!   He's a robber.The police sh*t him in the leg.   He then jumped offthe sixth floor of the building!   This one's a biker g*ng member,   speeding on the wrong side of the roadand lost control!   What the hell is with tonight?   This one's a drug addict. He's in shock!   Stay back, bastards!   The drug addict woke up!   sh*t, he's stabbing his hostage!   Put your g*n down!   There's no way in hellI'm getting thrown in prison!   Code    .   Requesting backup at the state hospital.   Hey fucker!   You're going to mumblebut pretend like you don't hear me?   I'm f*cking pissed!I'm shoving these scissors in his neck!   I saw sh**ting stars in the sky earlier.   -There were three.-What?   I'm quite certain.There were three sh**ting stars.   Where did you come from?   You don't know what you are, do you?   He stabbed the hostage!   That wasn't…   No, it wasn't you,but these scissors are positioned   a mere millimeter awayfrom severing my nerves.   This is a coincidence.   It just so happened to s*ab mein a way that isn't fatal.   What will you do? It's all in your hands.   Will you move the scissorsever so slightly?   Before you decide,do you believe in gravity?   There's a gravitational forcethat draws one person to another.   I have become a believerin this very moment.   You cannot k*ll me.   You are here becauseyou were drawn in by my pull.   Stop wasting time on dr*gs.   Redirect your energy tothe things that it's intended for.   f*ck this!    You all must not know    who your father is.    Soon, you will find out.    A gravitational pull    draws one person to another.    Ouch.    My, thank you.    It's nothing serious.    It's just an old knee injurythat aches when it rains.    Your knee aches when it rains.    Yes, that's right.    Thank you, son.    Don't get into people's business.    Our backs may no longer haveThe Green Dolphin logo,    but our jailbreak is all over the news.    We must find a car andgain distance immediately.    No stolen cars.    The authorities will be able totrack a stolen vehicle.    It will only interfere withfinding the priest.    So what, you want to take the bus?    Are we going to wait at the bus stop?    Hey, you two.    Are you taking the bus?    The next bus is an hour away.    How about you hop onto my truck?    If you don't mindsitting in the bed, that is.    You were very kind to me,    so I feel very good right now.    Even the pain in my knee is gone.    I've never felt better.    The clouds are starting to part too.    Weather Report.    We're in luck.Let's ride with him, Anasui.    Jolyne had better be safe.    How is she getting to places?    Jolyne is headed north.    I sense that for sure.    North. We must head north.    There's a famous theme parkin a city up north.    Have you ever been?    That's right, you can't remember.    There's one characterwho's especially famous at the park.    Maybe even you'd recognize him…    What a joke.    None of the characters are printed!    Watch out! We're not alone.    Could it be an enemy?    Diver Down!    Got it!    Anasui, there's more than one.    Either way, I caught one of them.    What the hell is it?    Search, Weather Report.The Stand User must be nearby.    I doubt it's this old man.    He has no reason to stage a happenstance    just to close in on us.    Then someone else must be close by.    Just as you felt Jolyne's movements,the priest must sense yours.    He could be sending enemies after us.    What are you? Spill it!    You don't want to do that.    It's in your best interest to not hurt me.    Children around the world will weep!    The hell was that?    Can't breathe…    Can you not choke me like that? I mean it.    There's one more of you here.Do you work in pairs?    N-No, it's just me.    Oh, no! Sorry, my bad!    I didn't mean to hurt you.    Little punk!    My nose grows on its own.    It's a reflex thing!    When I lie, my nose grows.    Sorry, I lied just now.    I mean, it wasn't totally a lie.    Well, I don't work in a pair,but I'm not exactly alone either.    That's right.    Oh, see that? I was telling the truth.    My nose shrank back!    -Ouch.-What the hell are you?    Please don't be so rough.    I'm speaking for myself here,but I'm a good guy.    I'm a friend to all little children.    When you were a boy,I was your friend too.    Speaking of friends,the seven are hiding close by.    I saw three of the seven earlier.See that?    A half-eaten apple.    Weather, what the hell are they?    This apple's not poisoned.    It's safe to eat.    You know who bit into a poison apple?Snow White.    The bite she took is justlodged in her throat.    She didn't digest the thing.    Who eats an applefrom a random old lady, anyway?    We're even wary aboutValentine's day chocolates.    She's so naive!It makes us want to protect her.    How many are there on this truck?There's so many of them, Weather!    Calm down. There's no need to panic.    What did you like as a child?Did you have a favorite character?    I bet it was me.    I'm a fan of the T-     seriesfrom The Terminator,    not that it's with us.    We love Chewbacca.    Not to mention The Elephant Man!    But Snow White is the best of all!    -Heigh-ho!-Heigh-ho!    People like to speculatewhether we're involved,    but we and Snow White havea purely platonic friendship!    -Yeah!-Yeah!    These vermin…    That means they're…    I know them. I know who they are.    But what could this all mean?    Breaking news.    Today at  :   p.m.,    Batman has disappearedeverywhere in the world.    An investigation is underway,with experts looking into the possibility    of ink and print fadingcaused by chemical breakdown.    Similar incidents have been reportedfor various characters.    Hey Weather! Is that what it is?    They came straight out of stories?But why?    Who's your favorite? Is it me?    Sorry, but I don't know any of you.    Now scram, unless you want meto kick you to death.    Weather, I had that book first.    Put that apple down.    The book too!    Where are you, Anasui?    Anasui?    Where did you go?    Old man, stop the car!    -What?-What's wrong, Weather?    I said, hit the brakes!    Oh good heavens.    -How sickening!-This is terrible! Everyone, come look!    Old man, stop! Stop the car!    What? What is it, Weather?    Weather! What's happening?    That man under the truck!    That face! How did I fall?How did I get there?    You split.    You were my fan, weren't you?    Way back when you were little.    sh*t!    I'll get run over by the tires!    Weather, get him to stop the car!    This can't be happening.    sh*t, we won't make it!    Weather Report made airbags.    Are you hurt?How did you fall out like that?    It must have been a Stand att*ck,    but I wonder why it only targeted you.    Maybe it's gotsomething to do with the fact    that I don't recognize Pinocchio.    Hey Weather!    Am I invisible to you?    Is that me on the ground?    Are you all safe?    -Woo-hoo!-Woo-hoo!    Where's the princess?    Is she okay?    She got thrown towards the burger shop.Let's go get her!    Look up! Do you recognize them?    I know of them! But we aren't friends.    They're Japanese!So sleek! Such show-offs!    Fictional characters are broughtinto the real world.    Not only that,    they have the ability tosplit our minds from our bodies.    That's what this is all about, isn't it!    If you're a Stand,tell me where your User is!    I don't know.    I really don't know a thing.    I'm just Pinocchio.    But who cares?    You can be a hero in a fantasy.    Isn't it wonderful?    Your mind split off becauseit wants to be a part of our world.    A world where everyone longs to be,    Bohemian Rhapsody.    It's a capriccio of the free!    Cut the nonsense, or else,this is what you'll get.    What are you doing?How could you do this to me?    All children around the worldare my friends!    This is not how the story goes!    Weather is gone.    I need to stay with himand my body right now.    Please wait.    Don't go.    Sorry, old man. That crash was on you.I'm taking off.    Hold on, I can't hear you.    I have quite a hairy ear.    Come closer.    You need to sit tight.    Onlookers will gather any minuteand will call an ambulance.    Did you hurt your finger?Your nail is split.    No, these hands are    for giving you a big, warm hugas a thank you for saving me.    Your pants are ripped.Something's sticking out of it.    It's a duster.    Let me repay you by dusting you off.    Is everything okay?Your mouth is split to your ears.    Yes, it's to swallow you whole,Little Red Riding Hood!    Diver Down!    And that's how the story goes.    Did he just say "story"?    Weather!    Pinocchio and the dwarvesdidn't seem to be Stands.    The User and the Standare in separate places,    bringing the characters to life.    To the north. I feel the presence.    The User and its Stand are not far away.    Pinocchio is only the start.    We must get rid of the User.    Weather!    Can't you hear me?
