01x01 - Dio the InvaderQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/08/23 07:42England 1868 Look over here! They took a tumble over the cliff! This poor bloke's a goner.The horses lost balance on the muddied slope and fell here.This one here appears as a real nobleman.Even d*ed with a smile.Dario! The woman inside the carriage passed, but her baby's still alive! She must have passed in its stead.Leave it! Babies aren't worth a single quid! Dario, what are you doing?! Robbing the dead, woman! Take anything that looks noble! A case? That's an eerie mask.Toss it.Woman, lend a hand! Pull their front teeth out and we'll take it to the jawsmith's! They'll fetch for fine coin! S-Sir Good sir, was it you who salvaged me? You have my gratitude.Mary Where are my wife and son? How do they fare, good sir? She diâ€” No, I'm afraid your wife passed, and the driver as well.However, the baby fares well.Wrought with woe, I am I am Joestar, good sir.I shall be indebted to you for our salvation.Do give your name, before I lapse into slumber once more.The toff believes me to be his savior! The fool! He shall know me as his savior! Lord Joestar, I am Dario Brando.Mr.Brando I shall never forget my debt to you.Good boy! Father, I'll be off! Watch for carriages, Jojo! Danny, come! Dio! Come to me, son! Dio! Come to my side! What do you want? Medicine? Don't be a ninny! The medicine does nothing for me! Whiskey! Use your quid on the whiskey, not medicine! Jojo, table manners.Forgive me, Father.Checkmate.Take it and shove it up yer arse, laddie! Return my doll to me, now! Come and get it! Come now, Erina! Did yer daddy buy you this doll? He's a damn mountebank, but makes good coin! What do you say we have ourselves a look-see underneath? Will it look the same as a real lass's? We made her cry! Crybaby, crybaby! Erina's a crybaby! Enough! I'm taking her doll back! What's it to you, chap? Do you know her?! No, but a true gentleman assists any lady in need! You tosser Trying to impress her, are we?! My, this chap's a wee bit on the brittle side.Pathetic, I say! You failed to impress the lassie! He's the heir to that toff nobleman, George Joestar! I bear the wealthy no grudge, but I do despise them! Don't you dare belittle commoners! Take this! Dio, I don't have much longer.I just know it.When I'm gone, send this letter to George Joestar, and go live with him.The bloke's indebted to me.Dio, you're a cunning boy! Study under George Joestar, and you'll be the richest gent around! Keep yer wealthy arse inside yer damn estate.Let's leave.A-Are you Please, don't tend to me! Leave me be! I did not exchange blows to earn your gratitude! I strive to be a true gentleman.True gentlemen defend the honor of any lady in need.Though I knew prior that I would not emerge the victor, true gentlemen stake their bravery to defend any in need.One day, I shall emerge as the victor.You made my mother suffer until the day she passed, you loathsome, deceitful, putrid scum.You want me to be richest gent around? I will, but not for you.I shall use anyone and anything I can to meet that end.Including this nobleman, George Joestar.Damned pissant! For my sake, I shall be the best.Jonathan Joestar This bizarre adventure encompasses the lives of two boys whose fates are twisted and intertwined by a mysterious stone mask.Episode Dio the Destroyer Who is he? Wait, you must be Dio Brando.Which makes you Jonathan Joestar.Yes, but everyone calls me "Jojo." I hope we can be friends.Danny! Dio, meet Danny.He's my loyal friend.Oh, and don't worry.Danny never bites.Wh-What did you do that for?! He did nothing to you! So, he's the heir to the Joestar Estate.Indeed, he was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.If I can break his spirit over time, then taking over as heir to the estate will be What's going on here?! Are you fighting? Apologies, sir.I reacted instinctively when the dog leapt onto me.Welcome home, Dio.Henceforth, you are a part of the Joestar's.Servants, Dio is the son of the man who saved both Jojo and I.Treat him as you would Jojo.Very well, Lord Joestar.Dio, you may treat this estate as your own.Lord Joestar, you have my utmost gratitude.Like yourself, Jojo's mother has passed on.And both of you are 12 years of age.Be good to each other.And Jojo, forgive Dio for kicking Danny.Okay.I too would've been shocked if another dog had done the same.It's water under the bridge.An apology from Dio would have sufficed, but I want to be good friends with him now that we're living together.Dio, follow me.I'll show you to your room.Yes, sir.What are you doing? Never touch my things, ever.Keep your filthy hands off my belongings, you tosser! I was only trying to help-! I need no help! I'll have a servant carry it.Listen well, Jojo.I'm going to be trouble in your life, so let's clear one thing.I adore being the best! Being number one! And I won't let anyone take that from me! Why would you do that?! I want to be friends! Another thing.I despise dogs.Not due to fear, but because their subserviant nature sickens me! So keep your damn mutt away from me.What are you both doing? Do come up.Yes sir! From the moment Dio set foot on the Joestar estate, Jojo's joyful life began to diminish into anguish.Incorrect again, Jojo! Dio's is perfect! He answered all twenty problems correctly! Jojo, you dare strive to be a gentleman, yet you have no table manners! Remove Jojo's tableware.You are excused from dinner tonight! Until Dio arrived, I've been spoiling you rotten! I am ashamed to have not realized it sooner! Dio has perfect table manners in comparison! Buffoon.Ladies and gentlemen, up next is Jonathan Joestar! He's grown some brawn recently.His opponent has been changed.The newcomer to town and Jojo's new friend, I-Is that Dio Brando, will be his opponent! Gentlemen, the first to land one clean punch to the face wins.Box! b*at him, Jojo! In the face! How can he dodge those punches?! I've never seen such swift movements! W-Why can't I hit him?! Jojo has good control and force in his punches.No matter I want you to taste the boxing techniques of rookery rogues! Savor it! We have a winner! Jojo loses! But I'm not done with you yet, Jojo.I'm going follow through this punch, by gouging your eye with my thumb! D-Dio's incredible! Dio! Dio, your technique's quite refined! How did you b*at Jojo? I simply used a new defensive technique.I could teach everyone how to use it.Really? Only if you keep it secret from Jojo.He's the kind of chap who'd telltale anything.He is?! I had no idea! Why would you even say something like that?! A man bereft of friends is a social outcast.But I shall cast Jojo as a leper.I shall take away everything he possesses.And when I am favored as the heir, everything he owned shall be mine! Damn Dio I'm miserable.It's as if he's destroying my life Laddies, let's make haste! Where are you off to? Why don't you come up and join me? Anyone hear the voice of a tosser? Pay it no heed.He's a telltale who'll tell everyone else.What did you call me?! Stay there! Who's a telltale?! Let's be off.You're a telltale, Jojo! You can't keep anything a secret, not from anybody! You stupid git! Come back this instant! When have I ever failed to keep a secret?! Jojo's a telltale! Dio It was Dio! Dio's feeding them lies, and it's spreading like the plague! It's as if Dio's been trying to destroy my reputation from the beginning! Damn you, Dio! Dio! Dio, Dio DIO! Ever since he came, Dio's made my life Hell I need someone to talk to Danny.Dio could never turn you against me, right? Who could that have been? I could swear I've seen her before My handkerchief! I see! Thank you kindly for the grapes! I'll be here tomorrow as well, so stop by if you can! She left without saying a single word.Girls like that are such sweethearts.Romance! It thoroughly engaged Jojo's youthful curiosity.Neither of them had any friends to say, and Jojo quickly grew attached to his sweetheart.Her name's Erina Erina Pendleton.She's cute as a button! Jojo, are you carving out a picture? You're so naughty! Bad Jojo! Good night! Bye! Evenin'.Might you be Erina? You seem awful friendly with Jojo.It was k*lling me.How he could be happy after everything I've done to him? H-He did it! Daring Dio! He may do all what we would never dare to! I have nothing but admiration for so daring a chap! You haven't kissed Jojo yet, have you? You haven't, have you? How fortunate that your first kiss wasn't with Jojo, but with me, Dio! No matter the method, the result remains relevant.I was the one who kissed her, not Jojo! Now, she can't bear to face Jojo anymore.I will see that he never he makes any friends again! D-Dio! Wh-What is she doing! What's wrong with her?! She's washing her mouth with muddy water! How could she do that to herself?! There's a creek nearby she could've used! Y-You bitch! How dare you wash away my kiss in defiance! Curses! I lost my patience to a mere girl! Enough! We leave.Hello Erina! Erina, wait! She's avoiding me Did something happen? Chaps, Jojo appears indubitably perplexed! Do you want to tell him the reason for Erina's avoidance? No, good sir.I do not want to see his tears.Y-You curs What did you do to Erina?! Dio!!! You will address me by my full name, Jojo! You've gone too far this time! I can tolerate anything you do to me! In fact, I don't care what you do to me! I take it you've heard about my kissing your sweetheart.And you'd fancy fisticuffs in retaliation, is that it? I will not forgive you for tainting her honor! A man wrought with jealousy is no man! Would you care for another eye-gouging? You damn buffoon! H-He's too skilled but if I don't take a stand, I'll be living in fear of his very shadow! Moreover, I must restore Erina's honor I must stand and fight! I'll b*at him into a bloody pulp in a gentlemen's duel.When Jojo realizes that he cannot defeat me, he will fear me, and I shall teach him so! I shall best him in everything! En garde! Yes! I can taste victory! Y-You used my kick as an opening to seize my head?! Well then, let me kick you again-! Dio! How I'll b*at you could until your tears flow! I be struck by this scum! H-How dare you How dare you How dare you strike me! You're crying You goddamned buffoon! Boys, what's going on?! Father! Boys may have an occasional exchange of fists, but you, Jojo, appear to be assaulting a defenseless Dio! An aspiring gentleman would do no such deed! Y-You're wrong, Father! Enough, Jojo! Both of you, go to your quarters! I shall discipline you both later! What's this box doing here? Rubbish, I suppose.Another maid's doing, no doubt.Wh-What's that sound? Is that banging?! I-Is there somebody inside the furnace?! Good heavens! They're being b*rned alive! Erina Damn you, Dio! Your damned kiss forced a wedge between Erina and I! I can't even call out to her! Danny's remains were far too gruesome to have you witness.Ergo, I had him buried posthaste.The authorities believe a thief may have trapped Danny in that box during a robbery attempt Dio Lord Dio? I believe Lord Dio is presently at the academy.Jojo returned to his quarters, and slept for two hours.Shortly after he awoke, he came to accept Danny's passing, and wept.I've redeemed my humiliation by disposing of the mutt, but at least I know of Jojo's true strength.A grave miscalculation on my end.He quickly learns from his mistakes, and I pride my confidence in excess.I shall mend this error by learning to control my emotions and demeanor, lest another blunder occur.Seven years have passed since that duel.I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time Seven years have passed! Jonathan Joestar has caught the ball! A most terrifying thought occurred to me just now! You don't care if you lose your fingers, do you?! Doubt me, and we won't be friends! I shall defend my father and the Joestar Estate! Episode A Letter from the Past
01x02 - A Letter From the PastQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/08/23 07:42Seven years have passed! The year is now 1888.On this year, London would be terrorized by an unknown serial k*ller dubbed Jack the Ripper whose primary victims consisted of Whitechapel prostitutes.But this year of terror did not belong to Jack alone.On this very year, the feud between Jojo and Dio would be rekindled! Once, there were two sh**ting stars descending from Heaven, Sora kobore ochita futatsu no hoshi ga Hikari to yami noã€€minamo suikomareteyuku flying straight into an ocean of emotion.hikiauyouni takanaru hamon And from their impact, a ripple of strife exploded! hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, while the other strove for unbound ambition yabou no hate wo mezasu mono ni ikenie wo no matter the cost.furueru hodo kokoro moetsukiru hodo atsuku The star of the Sun, unwavering, burning with vigor, sono te kara hanate kodou radiates a courageous flame karada minagiru yuuki de engulfing its entire being! mayoi naki kakugo ni gassai wo Both stars ready to collide sono chi no sadame for it's in the blood of all JoJos! A Letter from the Past Episode And a catch! Jonathan Joestar, the star of Hugh Hudson Academy, has caught the ball! Usually, he stands as a silent giant with a stature of 195 centimeters! But now this giant is now bellowing his way towards the goal! This will be his final rugby match before graduation! Can he graduate with a victory?! Joestar's been tackled! But he stands stout! He takes two more tackles! Joestar's being held down by all three! Incredible! Joestar continues to the goal as the three struggle to hold him down! With brawn and bollocks, he's an unstoppable steam-locomotive! We have a fourth tackle! Joestar's starting to sag! It's a pass and catch! The catcher is Dio! Dio Brando, the pride of Hugh Hudson Academy, has the ball! Can he slip through?! A slip! Another slip! He's done it! A one-man sprint to the goal! My, how graceful he sprints! It's a Try! He's done it! Hugh Hudson Academy has won the final game of the graduating class! Jojo and Dio made a brilliant pair! Perfect synchronization! We did it, Jojo! Your one-man sprint was marvelous, Dio! Thank you, but I couldn't have done it without you! Dio Brando will graduate with the highest marks in Common Law.Jonathan Joestar, however, will graduate with an outstanding thesis in Archaeology! We couldn't have won this game without either of them! They're both stars of Hugh Hudson Academy! Jojo, we should hurry home and tell Father about our victory.Indeed.How long has it been since Dio started addressing my father as "Father," and not "Lord Joestar?" We may seem like a pair of chums, but our friendship feels strangely superficial.Why is it? He can be very pleasant, but I feel nothing but mistrust for him.Even after seven years! Dio, could you comment on your chumship with Jojo for the school paper? Our friendship? The words escape me.Please Dio.We'd love to hear about it too.Very well "Friendship?" You sods can take those pens and shove them up yer arses! I'll graduate soon.I no longer require the aid of George Joestar.I've bode this seven-year farce with Jojo long enough.Succession is nearly at hand! I will inherit the Joestar Estate.I am now of the age when I may legally receive any inheritance! Father, how do you fare? I fare well, my son.Though, this confounded cough won't cease.A doctor recommended I admit myself to a hospital.A hospital? On the contrary, Father.The greedy doctor must know that hospitals are environmental reservoirs.I declined the suggestion myself.I feel most comfortable within my estate.The pain in my chest and swelling in my digits have gone as well.I feel at ease.Father only had a case of the common cold.Why were his chest and digits affected too? Also, Dio and Jojo, congratulations on your victory.You knew? A friend from the university paid me a visit earlier.How could they spoil it? We hurried home to surprise you with the news as well.I am overjoyed, boys.I'm very proud of you both, my talented boys.I heard about your dashing sprint as well, Dio.Once you've graduated, you may pursue what you may.If you need monetary assistance, my son, then you shall have it.I am utterly indebted to you for my upbringing, among other things.I shall not disappoint you.I'm the only one who knows of blood's effect on this mask.I wonder what use its creator intended for, when contacted with blood? Nevertheless, I am attached to this mask.It belonged to my dear mother.Perhaps this stone mask will become a grand phenomenon after I unravel its mysteries and publish everything I know about it? Drat! Lord Dio, you don't always have to do this Please.My apologies, but these old legs just can't handle the old staircase anymore.A most terrifying thought occurred to me just now! Dio Dio is! Dio! Where is the original prescription? It's on this tray.Do you always take medicine to Father, instead of the butler? As a matter of fact, I do.Moments ago, I came upon the letter your father wrote to mine.It follows: "I am ill and bedridden."I'll be passing soon."I just know I will "I know not this sickness, "but my chest hurts, my fingers swell, and I cough without end." My father's symptoms match your father's! Explain yourself, Dio! What are you insinuating? I shall examine that prescription! Jojo, examining that means you'll be doubting our friendship.Doubt me, and we won't be chums! His glare made me avert my eyes! I may have suspicions, but I'm not certain that he even is the culprit! Jojo return the prescription to the tray.Do that, I will forget that you ever doubted our friendship.Dio! On Dario Brando's honor, swear a gentleman's word of your innocence! This, alone, will suffice! Swear on your father's honor, and I will return this to the tray and apologize for ever doubting you! If my suspicions are proper, Dio's pride won't allow him to lower himself so! Dio! A gentleman's word, now! A-A word, is it? You want me to swear on his honor?! You know nothing! That pissant never had a shred of honor about him! Dio, now I'm convinced that you're the culprit.Your hatred and spite for your father are profound.Indeed, I know nothing of your relationship with Dario Brando, but I do know that you m*rder*d him! I shall defend my father and the Joestar Estate! Y-You're trying to k*ll me? Dio, your seven-year scheme is evident to me! No longer shall you flout of an imaginary friendship between us! No longer shall you approach my father! I shall conduct an analysis of this poison and see that you are thrown into Newgate, or worse! Curses I was only centimeters away from the inheritance! Was finding that letter just a sick coincidence? No! I won't have my ambition halted by that sod! Yer mum's dress will fetch for fine coin! My mother suffered until her death.The very thought of being that pissant's son sends me bedlam! Whiskey! Whiskey, now! But now, there's no turning back! Father, I'll be away in London for two or three days.Until I return, I ask that you seek care from these doctors, and no others.Have you no faith in our services, Lord Jojo? He does.But I ask you to trust Jojo.Though I know not of his reasons, my son has my trust as well.F-Father His symptoms have worsened.I need an antidote.Jojo will take three days to return with any evidence of that poison.I'll need him dead before he returns.And what better way than to make it appear accidental? Seven years ago, my blood coaxed spines from this mask.If these spines were embedded into his skull, it'd be fatal.With Jojo, it'd become an "experiment gone awry." The authorities wouldn't suspect my hand in his death! Jojo, your research will be your undoing! I couldn't distinguish the poison's components, not even in a university laboratory.It must have come from the Orient.The rookery Good sir, the only street around here is "Ogre Street," the most foul and violent street in all of London.I am aware.Nevertheless, I seek a resident of this street.You may leave.Dio once lived in London, and the only rookery one may acquire oriental medicine is Ogre Street! Once I locate the proprietor, I shall attain the antidote and evidence I require! Another dead end By George! That cat was eating a pup! Tatty, lead the way! Aye! Flay that toff's skin off, and we'll tan it into a hide! "Ogre Street," indeed.I see three foul ogres already.Blimey, is this toff thick?! He's got my blade in his hand! But if I pull back on me blade, you'll lose yer fingers! Then pull! You pull, and my Log Legs will crush your crotch! I'll do a son's duty, even if I lose my fingers! I will fight to defend my father and estate! My cause is not akin to the greed of you rogues! Chinaman! Answer me this.Where can I find an oriental apothecary? You sod! You don't care if you lose yer fingers, aye?! Aye?! Then you'd best mean everything you say, my toff chum! Here I come! Throw anything you want! I shall overcome any and all obstacles! Yer a naive little toff who's never been in a real tussle! Yer head's not the only vital part of the body! I heard my bowler hat strike bone! I couldn't get yer body 'cause of that Kn*fe, but I still did you a lot of damage! Wh-What a kick! H-He really doesn't care if he loses more than his fingers! He doesn't falter neither to fear or pain! I shouldn't have tussled with this toff Not with any as solid as this sod! What? Jojo ventured into Ogre Street, alone? I tried to persuade him not to go Keep this to yourself, and especially from Lord Joestar.I suppose I won't need the mask now Jojo is already a dead man.The buffoon C-Cease! I, Speedwagon, shall allow none to harm this gentleman! "Gentleman?" You answer me this! Why didn't you use yer full strength? Yer Log Legs could've smote me to smithereens! As I ventured here for the sake of my father, I withheld my strength when I thought of your own families.I desire not to be cursed by another father as a m*rder*r! He is a thick toff! Never have I seen so foolish and naive a sod as he! Still He hasn't dealt a mortal blow to them.This sod has the mouth and mind of a true gentleman! I'm intrigued! Let me have yer name.It's Jonathan Joestar.Very good, Jonathan Joestar! You're searching for an oriental apothecary, aye? Be wary of him! He's a sneaky bugger! It's been three days and Lord Jojo hasn't returned.He'll return when his business is finished.He may not have been alike Lord Dio in youth, but he has become a fine man.On that note, I was much stricter with him.Three days have passed.Jojo better be dead! Perhaps he survived and found him Why am I drowning myself in whiskey?! How could I practice the pastime of that pissant?! Dammit all! Watch it! Get off the street, you drunk sod! Chumsford, tell me, did that little sod get sh*t on my coat? Did ya hear the gent, you little sod?! My mouth! You dirty cur! You hurt my chum, you did! My, my Swine akin to my putrid pissant of a father dare to talk back to one as noble as myself?! Very well! I believe I'll make you adorn this before Jojo! Speak English, you g*dd*mn sod! You're my guinea pig! Wh-What is this incandescence?! Was there light, or was that the whiskey? He's dead.How monotonous.The damn mask is just a t*rture device! It couldn't be He's alive! What's wrong with his face?! Fangs?! H-He sent me flying?! He's still coming How can he not be in pain from that slash?! A minor flesh wound, but my collarbone is broken! I must swim away! Thirsty Won't you be a good lad, and quench my thirst? He's sucking my blood! His face! I now know the true function of the stone mask! B-But! Goddammit! The last thing I'll live to see is that blasted sun! I-It was the sunlight Servants! Why are the lights not lit?! Jojo?! I have you now, Dio! I have evidence of your fiendish plot! I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time Jojo, won't you hear my plea? My final plea.I can smell it on him! He reeks of shitter, he does! I shall cease to be human, Jojo! Dio! Episode Dio's Youth
01x03 - Time with DioQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/08/23 07:43I have you now, Dio! I have evidence of your fiendish plot! Jojo thinks he has me cornered But I won't concede! I've returned to end our feud! Once, there were two sh**ting stars descending from Heaven, Sora kobore ochita futatsu no hoshi ga flying straight into an ocean of emotion.Hikari to yami noã€€minamo suikomareteyuku hikiauyouni takanaru hamon And from their impact, a ripple of strife exploded! One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo while the other strove for unbound ambition yabou no hate wo mezasu mono ni no matter the cost.ikenie wo The star of the Sun, unwavering, burning with vigor, furueru hodo kokoro moetsukiru hodo atsuku radiates a courageous flame sono te kara hanate kodou engulfing its entire being! karada minagiru yuuki de Both stars ready to collide mayoi naki kakugo ni gassai wo sono chi no sadame for it's in the blood of all JoJos! Episode A Youth with Dio I've attained the antidote and had it administered to my father.Dio I am wrought by grief, my brother, that I must now have you placed into the custody of Scotland Yard.I grieve for you.Dio I truly grieve for you, for these turn of events, for everything.You're a true gentleman, always have been.Jojo, won't you hear my plea? My final plea.Won't you allow me a respite? I shall surrender myself in good time! My word I believed he would've lashed out in anger instead of pleading! Jojo you actually returned alive from that rookery! I'm at my wit's end Ease for a moment, and I shall behead you! I regret everything! Every single thing! My petty ambition for riches festered like a disease from my poor upbringing! I know I've done wrong! I shouldn't have poisoned your father over the inheritance! I've returned to surrender myself, Jojo! Were I to have fled, I would've done so without facing your judgment! I-Indeed I wish to face justice Dio That's close enough, Mr.Joestar.I've never heard a fibber as grand as this bloke.Where are my manners? Allow me to introduce myself.The name's Speedwagon, Speedwagon the Sneak.Out of concern, I accompanied Mr.Joestar back from Ogre Street.Mr.Joestar, yer a naive and merciful gent, so allow me a sneak.I was bred in the rookery, and smelled me fair share of cheats and churls, so I know me stenches of scoundrels and stinkers real well, see.This sod's a real stinker! He reeks of a shitter, he does! Never before have I heard a sod spew as much sh*t as he! He blames his daddy for a poor rearing, aye? Nay, I say! The cur was born a stinker! Stinker, tell me, does this bugger's face ring any bells?! The apothecary acknowledges to have sold you poison.I heard everything.My ears are aflame, Dio.I had intended nothing but affection toward you, as I had Jojo.Father, you have not fully recovered yet Aye I shall return to my chambers.I wish not to witness the apprehension of my son.Jojo, do what must be done.Yes sir.I suppose this really is the end of the line The boy shan't be taken with ease.He possesses the mark of the Three Star Gods and a face of ambition The boy was born blessed with grand fortune.Jojo Won't you be the one to cuff me? My brief brother of seven years Very well.Mr.Joestar, be careful Jojo, the apex of human potential is so limited If there's one thing I've learned in my life of 19 years, it's that the grander a human scheme is, the simpler it is for unforeseen factors to thwart.Therefore, I shall become grander than a human.What do you refer to? Speak sense! I shall cease to be human, Jojo! I shall transcend all of humanity Why do you have the stone mask?! Mr.Joestar! Constables, open fire! with your blood, Jojo! N-No Father!!! Open fire! Jojo F-Father I could've avoided the thrust, but I was taken aback by my mother's memento And you took his thrust for me Take this ring It was your mother's No, Father! The Kn*fe hit an organ! Dammit all! How could I have let this happen?! Lord Joestar should've heed my words from years ago! His death is my doing! I should've sent Dio's father to a penal colony, regardless! His father?! Shortly after I joined Scotland Yard, I was tasked with the case of a man attempting to sell that very ring to a pawnbroker! That man was Dario Brando, Dio Brando's father! This is my wedding ring My wife and I had a pair made for betrothal We apprehended the thief, Brando, before he could sell it.Brando?! Dario Brando was Lord Joestar's savior.But the scoundrel didn't save him! He merely happened upon Lord Joestar's carriage, and stole what he could! I-It's him! Did Mr.Brando tell you that I gave him the ring? Indeed, he did! And what a fib it was! No, Constable, he spoke the truth.I gave him the ring.I-I beg your pardon?! He is an innocent.Do see to his release.But why, sir?! Why would you say that?! Because Constable, had I been born into poverty, I may have done the same.Use the profits from this ring to support your family.Forgo your petty crimes, and become a man of good.Lord Joestar still adopted Dio, knowing of his father's deceit! Father Look at me.The doctors will be here soon Jojo Bear no ill-will towards Dio.His upbringing is my failure.Though I was much stricter with you after his arrival, he may have felt my extra attention towards you was unfair to him.His personality and actions may've been a result of my neglect Son, have him buried next to Dario Brando.Father Jojo, I am at ease Passing in my son's embrace is all and well Lord Joestar! His mercy was his undoing! This mayn't be so! We've lost a true gentleman! Nay, Constable! The soul of Lord Joestar lives on in his son, Jonathan Joestar! The will, body, and soul of a true gentleman shall exist for posterity! I begrudge the pansy penchant for tears, but I willingly shed mine for the Joestars.The pair of naÃ¯ve, but merciful toffs be true gentlemen! T-T- The body! Dio Brando's body is gone! Constable, get away from that window! Wryyy H-He removed the constable's head! H-How is he breathing?! How is he still alive?! Impossible! We littered him with lead, we did! Careful, lads! He may have a w*apon or two! C-Could it have been H-He's approaching us! Then what are you bobbies waiting for?! Blast the bloke to bits! Dio, halt! D-Dio! Jojo, sh**t him! sh**t him, now! H-How is he alive?! He took a b*llet to the brain, too! I'm at an utter loss for words proper of this predicament which we're placed! By George Jojo Behold! This is the magnificence and splendor I've attained from the stone mask and your father's blood! Wryyy You intake blood, the very essence of humans?! What form of malignant maleficence have you become?! M-My brain's abuzz with bits and pieces! The Kn*fe drew my father's blood.Dio, wearing the stone mask, had his brain pierced, and awakened bizarre powers means Dio's no longer human?! Wryyy Father D-Don't fight him! Yer no match for him! Nobody can b*at that monster! He's got more strength than any strongman I've seen! I know.I fear his strength as well! But Dio, no longer shall I allow your terror to spread! I take it upon myself to send you to Hell! Mr.Joestar, no! You'll be torn asunder! The brain! The stone mask's spines unlock the brain's hidden potential! Therefore, the only chance of victory lies with the brain! Blood! The corpse moves! Warm, moist blood Let me lick it up! Lad, let me suck you dry! Though he was not human, death leaves me faint! Father, strengthen my heart to deal merciful blows! Be stouthearted! Deliver Dio a merciful blow for he is no longer human! He descends! Dio, I shall not allow you to slaughter anymore innocents! H-He caught the spear in his own bloody hand! Well I'll be blowed, the hole in his head closed up! He's undying! He can't be k*lled! How shoddy a spear! Jojo! Won't you be good and remain my playmate a while longer? I know not of the other magnificent feats I may perform Hiding, are we? Forgotten my words, already? "The grander a human scheme is, the simpler it is for unforeseen factors to thwart." Be a good chum and come out of hiding from there! I scheme with nothing, but courage! His skin heals even when aflame! The bloke's impervious to any wound! The flames won't k*ll him! A-Are you daft?! Skedaddle, Speedwagon! I don't want to see another innocent harmed! Don't climb upwards! The flames are spreading too fast! What in God's good name are you thinking, Mr.Joestar?! Come join me, Dio! Dio! I cannot allow you to unleash havoc unto the world! Mr.Joestar, you mustn't! You beckon your own death to spare your new chum's life? Very well.I shall mend these scalds with your blood.It's no use, Jojo! As if I would be harmed by such a small drop! You, however, would be dealt a mortal blow from this height! Father Rest in peace.The flames shall carry your ashes to Heaven.And For the sake of avenging your memory, may your spirit fuel these flames evermore! Mr.Joestar, what are you He wouldn't! He shouldn't! Mr.Joestar, don't do it! H-He's here! Wryyyyyyyyy! The shoddy spear again?! At that instant, Jojo's youth flashed before his very eyes! My youth was a youth with Dio! I shall end the feud we started in our youth! Mr.Joestar wants the flames to spread He wants the heat to incinerate Dio! If Dio's healing can't withstand the intensity of the flames, he might bite the dust! That's why Mr.Joestar continued his climb to the roof! Don't do it, Mr.Joestar!!! Y-You buffoon! A Lover's Leap, is it?! The Joestar estate, which housed my forefathers, burns this night My father has passed as well I've nothing left to lose to the world except my life, the last Joestar! Dio, I shall burn to cinder, and in return, your powers shall be rendered useless! Farewell, Jojo! Though brief as it was, your Lover's Leap tactic had me shivering.You may burn alongside your father! Shed your tears while you still can, you buffoon! I have surpassed all human life! As immortal and undying, I am a god amongst all! And I have you to thank, Jojo! I require length! Dio! I've come back for you! Wh-What?! You cur! You won't escape me! Dio, your life shall be extinguished with this Kn*fe! The very Kn*fe you stabbed my father with!!! Wryyyyyyyyyy! I shattered the bones in both his arms, and though we're both set aflame, he continues to cling tight! Very well! Let us fall into the inferno, together! Though Jojo, you'd die a lonesome death, for no matter the intensity of flame, I may retain a feat to escape such predicaments! Father! Grant me the strength to k*ll him! Jojo lets out a cry for help! Did his father's spirit answer his cry? Or, did Jojo instinctively use the wall of the Joestar estate for his next action? He kicks out! And the trajectory of that kick sends them I-Impossible! on top of the Joestar Estate's guardian, the Statue of Love! Damn you, Jojo! Damn you to Hell! I-I had forgotten about the duel we had as children! His true strength! Jojo!!! I was supposed best you in everything Mr.Joestar! Father He's alive! The mad sod's alive! The true gentleman prevails! I've found it.Next Time To know courage is to have known fear! This bloke's more sadistic and bizarre than Dio! Despair for me, you maggots! With whom do I appear similar? Please teach me the way of the Ripple! Episode OVERDRIVE
01x04 - OverdriveQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/08/23 07:44Mr.Joestar defeated Dio.But in doing so, he lost everything.He's been holed up in this hospital for past three days since.Mr.Joestar is all by his lonesome! If I could enhearten him in an embrace, I would! An embrace to enliven his life! Sora kobore ochita futatsu no hoshi ga Once, two sh**ting stars descended from Heaven Hikari to yami noã€€minamo suikomareteyuku and flew straight into an ocean of emotion.hikiauyouni takanaru hamon From their impact, a ripple of strife exploded! hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, yabou no hate wo mezasu mono ni while the other strove for unbound ambition ikenie wo no matter the cost.The star of the Sun, unwavering, burning with vigor, furueru hodo kokoro moetsukiru hodo atsuku sono te kara hanate kodou radiates a courageous flame karada minagiru yuuki de engulfing its entire being! mayoi naki kakugo ni gassai wo Both stars ready to collide For it's in the blood of all JoJos! sono chi no sadame jojo Episode Overdrive A chum! Mr.Joestar needs a good chum by his side! Why the devil is Mr.Joestar's ward lit, so late in the eve? A-A matron? Who is she? Why does she nurse him so late in the eve? Her fingers! They're swollen like grapes! She must've squeezed the towel a thousand times to make her fingers swell so! Thank God He's awake! Your body temperature has receded greatly.You'll make a full recovery.You tended to my wounds? Could you be Is it really you?! Such striking similarity You couldn't be her.She wouldn't see me.And yet, you appear so similar With whom do I appear similar? Erina Pendleton, perhaps? It's been quite some time, Jonathan Joestar.Jojo.Erina, you've grown so much! Not as much as yourself, Jojo.Oh, Jojo Time really passed us by.Indeed.Mr.Joestar won't need me chumship tonight.I shall visit again.Speedwagon serenely skedaddles.I-I'm just a little dizzy What have I done?! I've added pressure onto your fractured arm! Yours, I would gladly bear.I suppose God intended for things to turn out this way.London - Whitechapel District I shall dispatch you pigs of depravity! Most humans desire to satiate their own morals with good deeds for fear that depravity may lead to Hell.Though, few humans share a distinct disdain for morals.Archvillains.You have my intrigue, Jack the Ripper.I shall have you as a loyal servant.I shall grant unto you a most succulent power and you shall know an ecstasy like none other.You shall become immortal.Only Speedwagon and I survived the strife of that night.Though Scotland Yard concedes their constables' deaths accidental the whereabouts of the stone mask concerns me.Regardless of the rubble removed, it remains elusive.I can only pray that it's been broken to bits Let it be so, and I may move on.Jojo.Erina.Who might that be? Why does he follow us? Does something trouble you? No It's nothing- Saluti, Signor Jonathan Joestar, and Signora Erina Pendleton.W-Who are you?! You did well to survive your encounter with one afflicted by the stone mask! Jojo! Good, now exhale and purge every ounce of oxygen from your lungs! Jojo! How could you harm an injured man?! Harmed him I have not, though he won't breathe briefly.C-Come again?! Wh-What manner of sorcery is this?! M-My arm! I am Barone Zeppeli.Courage, alone, cannot defeat the power of the stone mask.My fractured arm is completely healed?! I can even heave such heft! How can that be?! Wh-What did you do?! Please good sir, who are you?! Jojo, one question at a time, capisci? I did nothing.Your very breathing healed your fractured arm.Why would you help me?! How do you know my nickname?! H-He's gone?! Jojo, one question at a time.I think it'd be better if I showed you instead.Follow me.Once you see, once you know, then you'll understand why I'm here.I thrust my pinky into your diaphragm in order to control your breathing.Control my breathing? Allow me to demonstrate the effect.Wh-What are you doing? Wh-What are those?! The ripples resonate in unison?! That's absolutely unnatural! This energy is the very energy with which your arm was healed! Not the frog! T-The frog remains unscathed! This is the Art of Mystics.M-Mystics? The Ripple derives from the Art of Mystics.I used the frog's body as a medium to channel Ripple energy, splitting the rock beneath.Jojo! I know the stone mask has yet to be destroyed! Dio Brando possesses the stone mask! What did you say?! Did you say that "Dio" has the stone mask?! Indeed! I've sought the stone mask for decades! I shall see to it that all who wear the stone mask share its fate in death! Your life is bound to the destruction of the stone mask! You must learn the Art of Mystics, or face certain death! You, and all of humanity! I-Impossible Jojo, what does he mean? What is he talking about? Erina I mustn't involve her in this matter.Not again, not ever again.B-Blossoms?! B-Blooming, now?! I-Incredible! Ripple energy remaining from his arm rejuvinated the blossoms of that withered tree! This boy possesses innate strength and profound potential He may be the very savior we need! Noooo!! I can feel my powers returning with every meal.I recall a trophic principle in this regard Farmed swine graze, only to be consumed by humans.However, we farm humans for our own consumption.As top predators, we are gods amongst humanity.Jack, you may dine.We shall accumulate men of true depravity and conquer the world of man.I shall rule almighty over the world, as a God amongst men! One Week Later For the past week, I've been learning to control Ripple energy from this enigmatic Italian, Barone Zeppeli, who agreed to help me defeat Dio.His motivation? Jojo, let me share my motivation for pursuing the stone mask.When I, Will A.Zeppeli, encountered the stone mask, I was young, curious, and voyaging in pursuit of the unknown.I joined my father's archaelogical exploration vessel and sailed around the world in search of artifacts.That all changed when we reached the ancient Aztec ruins.Is that when Yes.And it was me, of all people, who unearthed the damned relic.During our return voyage to Italy, someone, for some reason, wore the stone mask, and coaxed the spines into his skull.A lust for blood consumed him, and he strode through the vessel, leaving naught but the dismembered bodies of the crew in his wake.He slaughtered all 58 of the crew, his own friends.I leapt into the ocean to escape him, and he swam after me as well! Wryyyyy! As dawn broke over the horizon I saw the face of the man responsible for the carnage.It was The captain of the exploration vessel, my own father.The vessel was carried away by the waves, with the stone mask still aboard.I felt guilt.Overwhelming guilt for any incident to follow the one that cost me my father.I felt responsible, and required a means to destroy the stone mask It was soon after that I acquired the Art of Mystics.Ripple energy is born from the bloodstream of humans, as opposed to the stone mask, which sucks up that essence.The undead feed off the blood of the living, for the blood is the Ripple energy! By George! So the only way to upset the balance of blood is Yes! Vampires shall succumb to Ripple energy their bodies cannot sustain! And the Art of Mystics, from which the Ripple derives power, hails from the radiant light of the sun! Barone Zeppeli, please teach me the Art of Mystics! I shall overcome any obstacle you present me! Had you been unwilling, I would have forced you to learn, regardless.Dio desires to be a God amongst men, and you're his greatest obstacle to that end.Listen well.Blood is involved in respiration.In respiration, blood carries oxygen from your lungs, and that oxygen is then diffused into somatic cells.Your somatic cells make up your body.In short, if you can channel a ripple over water, you can also channel a ripple into the human body through respiration, thus, channeling Ripple energy! His fist extended a great length! But how did he do it?! That was my Zoom Punch.I dislocated my shoulder to lengthen my reach.The subsequent pain may be dampened by channeling Ripple energy.But Jojo, you need to control your respiration to control Ripple energy.Keep in mind, Ripple energy is extremely sensitive to emotions.Sir! Hey! Mr.Joestar! Speedwagon! We're going to Wind Knight's Road? Aye, and one of me blokes said he spotted Dio there.He says that most of the villagers have disappeared, too.We have little time to spare with training.Jojo, you'll have to master Ripple respiration in combat.Sir! I am ready and prepared to duel! As am I! There's the tunnel to Wind Knight's Road! Let us resolve all business before the sun sets.I left Erina behind, without saying a word.But I shall return to you, my love! What happened? Coachman! Why cease the coach?! Be careful! We're cut off from sunlight! Coachman Did Dio do this? I didn't see anyone else near us Boys, get away from those horses.Wh-What in Hell's name is he?! He came out of the horse's corpse! Mr.Joestar, that loony's a lunatic! The bugger's battier and more bizarre than Dio! Dio has created more undead allies, has he?! Boys, do step away.I shall fight him.We have a zombie here.Devouring the flesh of the living granted him immortality and strength.But in return, he was made a servant to Dio.He is a puppet to Dio's desires.I shall grant ye gents a grisly grave I desire faces of despair that I may gaze upon as I gouge your guts and bathe in your blood! Sing your ditties of despair for me, maggots! What will he do first? If I were him Listen to what I'm trying to teach you, Jojo.Lesson one.Imagine yourself as the foe in order to anticipate their next move.If I were him, sealing the path to sunlight would be my first prerogative.He cast the coach to crush the ceiling?! Speed, Speedwagon! Watch him! H-He has scalpels protruding from him! S-So that's how he skewered the horses! Ripple Ripper! My Ripple Rippers are sharper than scalpels.Jojo, here's lesson two.Do you know what a "flea" looks like? It's awful microscopic.It does seek to pester humans quite often, si? May we label the nature of such actions as "courageous?" I don't believe they understand the concept.Then what is "courage?" To know courage is to have known fear! One gains courage the moment they overcome fear! Fear destabilizes Ripple respiration! Were a man to conquer his fears, they would have undeterred respiration! Ripple respiration is born from courage! The Hymn of Humanity is the Concerto of Courage! The High of Humanity is the Cheer of Courage! No matter the durability of zombies, they are alike a flea and know naught of courage! Mystic Wave Kick! Ripple energy damages and decomposes the flesh of corpses.It's like magic! He hasn't spilled a drop, neither! Jojo, complete your training.Destroy the creature's brain with Ripple energy.It's the only way to k*ll these vampires.You confounded curs! I shall devour you! I shall dice you into dabs and dots! Are we pursuing the bloke?! Of course.But only Jojo shall pursue him.Jojo.k*ll the creature without spilling a drop of wine.Jojo, here's lesson three.They have a saying up in Norway."It was the great north winds that made the Vikings." I'm warning you, do not spill even a single drop.Spill one drop, and I will leave your company even if you k*ll him! Godfather, are you going gaumless on us?! Silenzio, Speedwagon! Very well! "It was the great north winds that made the Vikings," aye? It's a maze in here The limited light is ineffective for searching him out in this darkness W-Wait, wouldn't this serve as a beacon?! I'll do away with the torch so he won't see the flame.But I'm blind as a bat now! He could be anywhere! I smell it, I do The scent of his warm blood Lesson One: What would I do if I were him? Stalk my target.Lesson Two: Conquer your fears, and courage will stabilize respiration.Closer I'll bite into your neck and pull out your throat with me teeth! The frigid winds of the north bore Vikings with strengthened souls and hardened hearts.It's a trial they must overcome with cunning, otherwise they freeze to death.But will the wine evoke a Viking from Jojo? Jojo can't defeat Dio unless he passes this trial.I-It's a ripple! So this is the great north wind! It detects his Ripple I can feel it from the glass, to my arm, through my body, and onto the floor! I can feel his lifeforce! This wine acts as a Ripple detector! My heart, resolute! My body, ablaze! I have you now, Vampire-zombie! I shall channel a ripple through the wall! Mystic Ripple Overdrive! Hurry up! I'll suck you dry! Jojo used the wine to detect him.My boy, we have ourselves a Viking! I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time At last, we meet! I curse thine Tudors to follow! Can we survive this night?! I shall duel thee to the death! Dio, I shall annihilate your ambition! Episode The Knights of Night
01x05 - The Dark KnightsQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/08/23 07:44The township of Wind Knight's Road is isolated by callous cliffs overlooking the ocean.Wind Knight's Road was constructed in the Middle Ages to hone the knacks of knights.In the 19th Century, the existing fortress- esque architecture was used as a prison, where prisoners were sentenced to mine for coal.The villagers, consisting of farmers and fishermen, brought the total population count, including resident inmates, to 517.But now, the village of Wind Knight's Road shall perish! Sora kobore ochita futatsu no hoshi ga Once, two sh**ting stars descended from Heaven Hikari to yami noã€€minamo suikomareteyuku and flew straight into an ocean of emotion.From their impact, a ripple of strife exploded! hikiauyouni takanaru hamon hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, yabou no hate wo mezasu mono ni while the other strove for unbound ambition ikenie wo no matter the cost.furueru hodo kokoro moetsukiru hodo atsuku The star of the Sun, unwavering, burning with vigor, radiates a courageous flame sono te kara hanate kodou karada minagiru yuuki de engulfing its entire being! mayoi naki kakugo ni gassai wo Both stars ready to collide sono chi no sadame jojo For it's in the blood of all JoJos! The Knights of Night Episode The villagers are going about their own business.Thus far, everything seems commonplace.Nevertheless, Dio has to be here! What's the matter? W-Well Signore Speedwagon was begging me to confirm his Ripple aptitude, and so I attempted to strike his diaphragm but I unintentionally struck his stomach instead.Mi dispiace.Sorry, Signore Speedwagon.You're an arse Barone Zeppeli, he's just a child.The boy's a bag-snatcher, si? Clever boy's a real sling n' snatch.Why're you two cheering fer the chap?! The little cur has all of our quid! He's running off! Aye, the boy's a real runner.Well then, I suppose I'll have him work for the money, and act as our guide.H-He can walk on water?! Jojo, if your foot's still in the water, then you haven't stored enough Ripple energy for practical use! That was music to my ears, Jojo.You did channel Ripple energy through the cliff.Should I channel another one from here, or elsewhere? I would move two meters to the left.And I stake two pounds on that.Jumping Jehoshaphat! Catch of the day.Wh-What the Wait.Who are you men? His responses are rather peculiar.Did the Ripple hurt his head? No, it isn't just the boy's responses that are peculiar Look where we stand.Is this a graveyard?! It seems that we became the catch of the day, the moment we set foot here.The boy was bewitched to lure us here.Mr.Joestar, look above! The sun has set this day and your lives shall end this night! Dio! Th-The dead rise! I-I was prepared to see that dastardly devil again! But the sight of that shitter makes me sick! His very stench makes me sweat! How he stands stout and sturdy is nothing short of supernatural! He repaid the affection of Lord Joestar with a Kn*fe to his back! I shall I shall see to his death! So he is Dio.He understands the limitations of immortality under sunlight.For this, he bewitched the boy and had him stall us until sundown.The cunning of this culo makes me cringe.We must see that his death remains permanent! These are zombified knights! Lad, what is your name? P-Poco! Listen, Poco.Be a good lad and grab onto my back! Follow me, Jojo! Aye! Zoom Punch! Awesome! Dio Brando Though I know nothing about you, I know your bizarre powers came from the stone mask, and I say to it At last, we meet again! Hey stronza! Are you going to fight me from that boulder?! Come down and dance with me! I've no need to dance with an insect! I am God over all other life forms.My race shall devour and displace all of mankind! As a God, why would I descend to the footing of men?! He radiates a most sinister aura from his being! He demented demeanor is fashioned as that of a tyrant's! After my abdominal injury is healed, all trace of Jojo's humiliation shall be erased! Ascend to me, sorcerer! I shall use your meager life to mend the last of my scars! You vicious vampire! How many innocents did you k*ll to heal those wounds?! Can you recall every loaf of bread you've had in your life? Dio!!! Barone?! I will k*ll him.I shall channel a Ripple through him! Pulsate unto my palm, Ripple of sunlight! Sunlight Yellow Overdrive! He's done it! The Ripple's been channeled through Dio's arm! My, how brittle you are! H-He's freezing my hand?! Impossible! Barone Zeppeli, si? I understand your "energy" originates from the bloodstream.Then theoretically, your energy flow ceases if pathways are frozen! Did you know that I may manipulate my own body temperature? I merely vaporized the moisture of the energy you channeled.When moisture is vaporized, heat dissipates.Ultimately, physical contact leads to freezing! And now, my idiotic Italian, I shall smash through your brittle arm until I shatter your skull! Dio, I shall annihilate your ambition! I can feel the evil energy surging through your bloodstream! I do enjoy being evil, thank you very much.But if I may, I am in awe that you managed to catch my clutch! You have my compliments.Jojo! But Jojo, I wouldn't hold my hand as dearly as you do now.Die, Dio! Wryyyyyy! Once your hand is frozen, blood won't flow through it! Ergo, your "Ripple energy" cannot be channeled through your hand! H-He's too powerful! He possesses five times the blood of Jojo and me combined! Jojo's hand shall be frozen as mine, unless he unhands Dio! He mustn't be harmed so early into the battle! Barone! H-How can this be?! My hand's as cold as ice! It looks like frostbite, even! Though the texture feels akin to touching a frozen metal, my skin peels with ease! Barone Zeppeli's arm has gone cold! It'll rot without running blood! Dio won't die unless we can channel a Ripple under sunlight! How can we k*ll him?! I tire of all this "ripple" nonsense.If you won't end this battle Th-The bedrock breaks! then I shall have these two ensure a victory worthy of fanfare! Tarkus! Bruford the Black! I've no need to fight these insects.Come forth, and have their fanfare of screams ring true alike trumpets! Wh-Who are these blokes?! Poco, hide! In the 16th Century, they were ex*cuted by Elizabeth I of England.O loyal knights to Mary I of Scotland, Tarkus and Bruford, dispose of them.I leave ye both to stamp out the lives of these insects.Do as ye desire.The big bugger blasted the bedrock to bits with his finger! Those two zombies are eyeing Jojo! Jojo cannot hope to defeat both of them! If only I could force blood to circulate through my arm! What happens if you do that?! I may use Ripple energy to start healing my arm! But I require the frost to be thawed! Barone Zeppeli, you need only your arm to be thawed, aye?! Wh-What are doing?! Will my heart thaw the frost?! Signore Speedwagon! Up in a place called the "Arctic," I heard that people there would cover themselves in a seal's carcass to fight frostbite! Zoom Punch! Thine blood be mine! H-He's sucking my blood with his hair?! Speedwagon, why would you do this for me?! Because Barone Zeppeli, a third wheel can always prove useful to a cart! If your hair can suck blood, then I could very well channel Ripple energy into your skull! Sunlight Yellow Overdrive! I-I can't channel a Ripple! Has my Ripple energy diminished because his hair's still sucking my blood?! Si, I believed you would only impede our mission.I believed you would've rolled out of harm's way! Forgive my doubts, Speedwagon! You can thank me after we've k*lled that shitter! D-Do what you can to accelerate thawing! I must aid Jojo in this battle! Th-The sheer sight of that sword has me sh1tting, it does! The blasted blade is bigger than Mr.Joestar himself! Those black blood-sucking braids and their ghastly gazes leave me lost! Something's driving these two! I've seen me fair share of such men, but never a pair with such purpose! Any educated Englishman would know the terrific tale of Tarkus and Bruford! Even those of legend and lore may become my servants! Around 1565, two queens laid their respective claims to the Throne of England.One was the then-current monarch of England, Queen Elizabeth I, and the other was the beautiful 23-year-old Queen Mary I of Scotland.Tarkus and Bruford the Black were a pair of Mary's most devout knights.Though both men had lost their families to w*r, Mary took them into her warm and merciful embrace.Although both warriors were famed for ferocity, even they yearned for comfort.They fought not for her love, but for a greater cause.Mary could be the monarch England needed.Both men swore devout and undying loyalty to Mary, even if it meant their lives.But in 1567, Mary's husband, Lord Darnley, had passed under unusual circumstances.Elizabeth used the incident to her advantage and accused Mary of murdering Lord Darnley.The entirety of the British Isles called for Mary's head.Mary was subsequently tried, and imprisoned for her perceived crimes.Tarkus and Bruford fought tooth and nail to free Mary from confinement.Elizabeth, agitated by their antics, offered them an ultimatum to a prolonged w*r.Prostrate thineselves unto the custody of Tudors, and I shall spare the life of Mary.We mayn't refuse the offer of Elizabeth.Die I shall without qualm.They surrendered to the Tudors, and were summarily ex*cuted.Have I do displeasing news for thou.Not spared was the life of Mary! The lie of Elizabeth be your death! Behold thine eyes unto yonder.'Twas the head of Mary! Curse you, Elizabeth! Thou art of lies and distrust! Begrudge ye Tudors to damnation! Until the last life of the Tudors begone, we curse thine Tudors to follow! And thus, the end of Tarkus and Bruford.In his rage, Tarkus's muscles contracted greatly, causing the executioner to exhaust many axes before a successful beheading.Bruford, on the other hand, caught the offending executioner's legs by surprise, and was ex*cuted as he dined on the offender's flesh.I do delight deeply for their deranged dander! Remember this night, for the graves of tragic knights were desecrated for the sake of resurrection by the hand of Dio! I've reinvigorated them as vengeful vampires! Wryyyyy! We are devout to Lord Dio! We shall rain doom upon this earth, and slaughter all the innocents of humanity! Th-They've got a gruesome grudge! And that grudge does naught but grow! Dio degenerated the heroes into demons! Can we even hope to defeat such rage?! My left hand burns with a fiery flame! Scarlet Overdrive! I-Incredibile! H-How could I have perished the thought?! Mr.Joestar is not alone in his journey for justice! He carries his father's memory, as well as the hope for a family! He's our savior! The boy bears bits of brilliance He shall serve to limber my limbs of three centuries! The cur is mine to devour! I shall chew on his fine face! Another zombie?! Hold your teeth, squire! H-He's fleet-footed! Milord, the bollocks on this boy be bountiful.May I have the honor of breaking the boy's bounty? Break him.Tarkus, stay your hand! Bruford the Black be bold, bloodthirsty, and brutal! He's a cruel culo, at that! His being oozes an aura of pride and prowess for w*r! A bizarre bind this is Before me is Bruford the Black of the history books, and he's come for my head.I must ready Ripple respiration, and ease my muscles! Wh-What's this?! He has his hands behind his back! Which arm shall he strike with?! Shall he use his legs?! Bruford used his hair! D-Drat! Impeccable instincts.But he declined my Dance of Death! How daring! Mr.Joestar! He can't defeat Bruford if he can't breathe! No respiration, no Ripple! We need to fish him out! I-It's Tarkus! Curses! We must assist Mr.Joestar! Jonathan shall die, for Bruford is a master aquanaut.I presence needn't grace them any longer! I shall transform the inhabitants of Wind Knight's Road into zombies within the span of this night! I expect the zombies of Wind Knight's Road to spread throughout the British Isles! I-I need air in order to channel a Ripple! One bubble of air shall suffice! Now, swim to the surface! Inhale the air you require, for I am weighed down by this armor! The sword shall stay sheathed, and I shall duel thee to the death! Now, act before you drown to death! Can I make it to the surface before he does?! I'm uncertain! As he choked on incoming water, the profound potential within Jojo's being conceived a most bold thought! Ordinary folk would only considered escaping by swimming towards the surface, but not Jojo did the contrary! Incredibly, against all odds, Jojo swam deeper into the depths! Wh-Why would he dive deeper?! Danny got ahold of your toy p*stol and won't release it? He won't let go because you're pulling it away.Here's a thought.Stop trying to pull it, and just give in.Wind Knight's Road inmates mined for coal! Therefore, this area was subjected to subsidence! There it is! Subsidence shifts the surface, and traps pockets of air underneath debris I have it! I needed only a single breath! My bloodstream's flowing again! H-He's had a breath No longer shall I be restricted to breaching for a breath! I may channel any Ripple through water with ease Feel my Aqua Ripple Turquoise Blue Overdrive! I'll be the roundabout The words will make you out 'n' out We spend the day your way Call it morning driving thru the sound and In and out the valley Eh! In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see You Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time Yer a bitter bugger, Bruford! I pride mineself as an Elite Executioner! This mayn't maim mineself! And you shall be doomed to destruction! Overdrive of Salvation! Episode The Courage of Tomorrow
01x06 - The Courage of TomorrowQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/08/23 07:45The Courage of Tomorrow I may channel any Ripple through water with ease.Feel my Aqua Ripple! Turquoise Blue Overdrive! Jo-! Jojo! He got him! No, he still lives! Bruford breached to the top with the same haste as my Aqua ripple during the very moment it struck him! My Ripple only rasped him due to the sprint of his swim! I must strike the knight with my knuckles and channel the Sunlight Yellow Overdrive! Milord bestowed a breath unto Bruford the Black, and thus, may battle this boy's bounty with bliss! The bravery of this boy be akin to Bruford's own! Ne'ertheless, such bravery shall be broken on this bedrock! The b*ttlefield be balanced, and only our bravery shall battle! Boy, shall ye best the bravery of Bruford the Black?! Wryyyyyyyy! Though a doll to Dio's desires, Bruford the Black remains a heraldic hero! He is a weathered warrior wrought with the ways of w*r! Your blood shall become the blood of the Black! Another Dance of Death, is it?! I accept! Let us dance the Ripple reel! Sora kobore ochita futatsu no hoshi ga Once, two sh**ting stars descended from Heaven and flew straight into an ocean of emotion.Hikari to yami noã€€minamo suikomareteyuku From their impact, a ripple of strife exploded! hikiauyouni takanaru hamon hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, yabou no hate wo mezasu mono ni while the other strove for unbound ambition ikenie wo no matter the cost.furueru hodo kokoro moetsukiru hodo atsuku The star of the Sun, unwavering, burning with vigor, radiates a courageous flame sono te kara hanate kodou karada minagiru yuuki de engulfing its entire being! mayoi naki kakugo ni gassai wo Both stars ready to collide sono chi no sadame jojo For it's in the blood of all JoJos! Episode Courage of Tomorrow Overdrive of Ruin! Jojo! C-Curses! Jojo cannot channel a Ripple without use of his arms or legs! If his arms and legs remain bound by Bruford, Jojo cannot channel a Ripple to break those braids! A-As much as I'd love to help him, Tarkus blocks our way! H-His hair cuts through my clothes and into my skin! The more I struggle to break these braids, the more blood it sucks! Now boy, I shall deliver unto thee death! I shall behead thee and bathe in thine blood! Very well! I shall channel my Metal Ripple, Solid Silver Overdrive! W-Well played! Mr.Joestar parried the blade, and followed through by channeling a Ripple through his arm! My heart, resolute! My body, ablaze! My radiant Ripple releases! Sunlight Yellow Overdrive! There's the sound! The sound of an inferno that follows a channeled Ripple! B-Bruford was a cut above any zombie I've ever faced! I knew of his heroism in history, but he had to die once more Bruford had become a vengeful vampire who threatened humanity.It had to be done! I am Bruford the Black! I mayn't be maimed by such strikes! Yer a bitter bugger, Bruford! Yer a zombie, up a creek without a bloody arm, and you still want to jostle with Mr.Joestar?! What the-?! Are you mad, Mr.Joestar?! He'll behead you if you don't do something! Move your arse! He stopped?! What's the meaning of this?! Sir Bruford "mayn't be maimed by such strikes," aye? Then you felt pain to liken my strikes to "maiming." Fl-Flowers They bloom where Bruford stands! The Ripple has begun rending Bruford's body asunder, and has regained the sensation of pain.A sensation zombies would never feel.While the Ripple corrodes the remains of Bruford's body, it restored Bruford's humanity and his chivalry as a knight.For this, I held my hand against my fellow man.That is why you ceased your slash.Look at his face! No longer is the bugger's face contorted in rage! He's got the face of a wee babe, leering at his mum! Thou seated diligent to awaiteth mine blade Mine blade, thou knoweth mayn't cometh unto thine neck? Retain thou, faith in mine humanity? "Pain" be a sensation of mine humanity.Were mine humanity retain "pain," then retain "joy" as well.Lost, was mine humanity.Though now, I feel naught but comfort.Foregone, has mine rage toward humanity.'Twas mine fortune to jostle with so marvelous a man of faith.Mine dear queen awaiteth Mine friend of faith in three centuries, name thineself.I am Jonathan Joestar.Jonathan Granteth thee, the words mine dear queen etched upon mine blade.Luck.(Fortune) Thou shalt taketh this word for thine crusade.Pluck.(Courage) Sir Bruford! This feels alike a Shakespearean tragedy.To restore his humanity, I had to deal a merciful blow! Though he d*ed bearing a considerable grudge against humanity, how could a man so heroic and chivalrous become so wrought with vengeance?! The fault lies with the stone mask! And the deranged disciple of the stone mask, Dio! Jojo! Behind you! Tarkus?! H-How could you?! Why desecrate the memory, the armor of your fallen knight so?! Bruford be naught but a blackguard! He retained my respect as a fellow knight, but Bruford was naught but a dancer! However, I pride mineself as an Elite Executioner! With naught but brawn and brute, I may lay waste to any and all! Sing for me a symphony of screams! Nice catch, Jojo! This cliff collapses! Leaves! Jojo! Sir! Overdrive of Salvation! Grab ahold, Speedwagon! Poco! Humans possess minute capabilities in biomagnetism, meaning that humans are capable of producing magnetic fields.With the Ripple, biomagnetism in humans may be greatly manipulated, and channeled through many leaves to create one giant manifestation! We're flying! Up yers! How did you two do this?! Are you even human? Or, are you seraphs of some sort? I want to know too, Boyo! After everything we've been through today, I still know nothing about Barone Zeppeli! Where the bloody Hell did you learn all this magic?! When I was in British India, I met a most peculiar physician in a port city.I found him too youthful to be a physician, and yet, he insisted that he was one.And indeed, he was.His patient's leg had undergone severe necrosis, which would warrant amputation in the West, but this man's glowing fingers healed his patient's leg.That power stemmed from the Art of Mystics! I felt that the Art of Mystics was the only means to defeat the stone mask, and so I paddled up the Gyalmo River which ran through Tibet in search of his master, his Lama.The Lama's name was Tong Pheti.Wayfarer from the West, your future is now known to my eyes.You wish to learn the Art of Mystics, aye? Know now, that if you pursue the Art of Mystics, you shall be doomed to destruction! Then so be it.I must have these arts to combat the evil to come.I mustn't share the omen of Lama Tong Pheti, not with Jojo, not with anyone! B-Barone? D-Does the Ripple make this sound to keep us gliding? N-No, it isn't! It's Tarkus! H-He's leapt after us! How could he risk leaping into a chasm to k*ll us?! He mayn't break through fortified Ripple energy! Play with the sun, and you shall be singed! What's that?! I-It's the Fortress of Knighthood! Ready yourselves for a leap! Otherwise, it'll be a crash landing! Tarkus crashed straight through the masonry! Though immortal, his body must've been bashed to bits! Dio gained regenerative properties only through the mask, whereas his zombie servants did not, and are debilitated! Ma-Mamma mia! He lives only for the thrill of battle! His should've been crippled from that crash! He's climbing up here! Though our main prerogative is the death of Dio, I tire of this game we play! We must terminate Tarkus tonight! Jojo! Take the bambino inside and hide him! This is quite a daunting door I heard something else, too.Wa-Watch your step.Knights used to duel to the death in these ruins.I heard it's full of booby traps.Mr.Joestar, I heard chains! Mister! Jojo! Wh-What is this?! Tarkus?! How long it has been? The Chamber of Ouroboros's tug of w*r.I shall partake of my pastime for once in three centuries.This was one of the Fortress of Knighthood's trials, the Chamber of Ouroboros's chain-collar tug of w*r.I fell 48 knights in this contest.Indeed, mine most capable of contests be this tug of w*r.B-Barone Zeppeli, break your barrage! It can't be broken! H-His fist is bloodied and busted! Th-The Art of Mystics had no doctrines on destroying dense material! I may break bricks with the Ripple, but not so dense a door! Ergo, Jojo faces a similar predicament as I! He cannot cleave the chain with the Ripple! Thine collar be locked with a key, rests within mine collar! The door to your fellows shan't open whilst we duel, and the key to my collar rests within yours.One of us need only sever the head of the other to be free! Metal Overdrive! T-The chains are enclosed within the ceiling, and will disperse Ripple energy to the ceiling, not the chain! He's fractured my arm, and I cannot treat it without Ripple respiration because my neck is being crushed as he pulls this chain! I cannot breathe! Jojo! Blast it! I-I've piddled my pantaloons! I-I've had enough! I can't stay with them They're the ones who brought this trouble to our town! Barone Zeppeli, behold the bar! This door can only be opened from within! I'm certain Jojo can hold his own, but he's been battered from his battle with Bruford.We must find a way inside! Together, we may defeat Tarkus! But Barone, I see no other way to enter! It's a tight squeeze.They wouldn't be able to go through there.But maybe I could fit Damn this door! Signore, this door shan't be budged! We must scale down, towards the m*nled masonry! B-But that would take too long! We've dabbled with the damn door long enough! Am I nothing more than a third wheel?! I serve no purpose! I am a tired third wheel! Gander at me, Poco.Gander at my face, you squab! Poco's a pansy-boy! Let's light the pansy a wee f*g.Now, be good and breathe it all in! He's gonna spit up, he will! O-Over there! B-Boys, let's blow! P-Peggy Fancied yourself a good bludgeoning, did we? My bairn of a brother, I think you should try throwing a punch or two.I-I'll punch them back tomorrow! And which "tomorrow" will this be? T-Tomorrow.Poco.What are you scared of most? Might it be the hurt of my hand? You don't like the hurt, do you? The hurt's much better for you than growing into a limping lady of a man! Do you want to be a lady?! I-I don't Come closer, my wee bairn.I'll wash the dirt out of those clothes.Poco?! A window?! G-Get down from there! Don't do it, Poco! Stop him! If that little bambino breaks into that room, Tarkus will blast him to oblivion! Child, descend to me! Climb out! R-Remember the words of that blond beast If Mr.Jojo dies, he'll att*ck our township! He'll hurt Peggy! Don't worry, Peggy! Poco will protect you! Peggy! "Tomorrow" is today! Poco, run away! Ye dare deter our duel?! Poco!!! I'm not scared of the pain anymore Open sesame.Yer a pretty perky kid, Poco The tyke's gonna live, Mr.Joestar! Barone Zeppeli, burn that bastard 'til he bleeds! Barone?! You shall be doomed to destruction! At last At last, the Lama's omen has come to pass! If I am to be destroyed, then so be it.Barone Zeppeli! What do you mean, "destroyed?!" I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time This can't be happening! I shall terminate you, Tarkus! Be smote by mine sole! Jojo! See our crusade through to the very end! Episode Sorrowful Successor
01x07 - The SuccessorQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/08/23 07:45Tibet 1863 For three years, you've done well to be disciplined in the Art of Mystics.Your reinforced Ripple respiration may carry you great distances.Only the most rigorous of Ripples remains to be taught, but I shall caution you once more, Zeppeli.Should you complete your training, your doom shall be sealed.Your course cannot be changed.You may forfeit the Art now, and lead your life anew, unbound by destruction.Lama Tong Pheti, define my destruction.Take my palm, and detail my death for me.When and where shall I succumb? Why would you want to know? I became a disciple of the Art of Mystics for the sole sake of combatting the coming evil.Should I learn the details of my death, and I shall be steeled for a short life.Only then, shall I acquiesce and acquire the final Ripple.And only then, may I be rend without regret.If so steeled, you are, for the suffering to come, then so be it! A child shall unseal an accursed chamber containing a wrathful revenant of yore.The injured lion, which is chained in this chamber, shall give way to powerful prides.Though you grant him the strength to be freed, you shall perish in a most pressing predicament.Barone Zeppeli Beware of the big bastard! Jojo, allow me to assist! The injured lion, who is chained in this chamber, shall give way to powerful prides.Sora kobore ochita futatsu no hoshi ga Once, two sh**ting stars descended from Heaven Hikari to yami noã€€minamo suikomareteyuku and flew straight into an ocean of emotion.From their impact, a ripple of strife exploded! hikiauyouni takanaru hamon One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo while the other strove for unbound ambition yabou no hate wo mezasu mono ni no matter the cost.ikenie wo furueru hodo kokoro moetsukiru hodo atsuku The star of the Sun, unwavering, burning with vigor, sono te kara hanate kodou radiates a courageous flame engulfing its entire being! karada minagiru yuuki de mayoi naki kakugo ni gassai wo Both stars ready to collide sono chi no sadame jojo For it's in the blood of all JoJos! Sorrowful Successor Episode The collar can't be budged! Tarkus k*lled 48 knights in this contest, but he has yet to show any tact in this trial! I know he has a trick or two! Come at me, cretins! Ye dare deter mine duel with "ripples?!" Ripples shan't flow through the fell of Tarkus! Be ye faint of heart, fool?! Bewilder that bugger, Barone! Take this, Tarkus! Tornado Overdrive! H-He leapt?! An aerial att*ck?! No, Barone! His chain's below you! Be taken by mine two-pronged tactic! Feel mine wrath! Leviathan's Loop! Ye both be strangled into silence! I-I cannot breathe I cannot channel the Ripple! Jo-! Jojo! Milord, dispatched, I have, thine two insects.Th-This This can't be happening! Mr.Joestar! Though thine neck be broken, this whelp ceases not his breath? I shall ease thine suffering! Jo Jojo! The half-man lives as well! I pass onto you the most rigorous of Ripples Jojo, take my lifeforce! Jojo! See our crusade through to the very end! Ultimate Overdrive of Salvation! Jojo I've channeled every ounce of my lifeforce into you! B-Barone Barone Zeppeli! Ye accursed cretins! Be smote by mine sole! H-How dare you! Mr.Joestar trapped Tarkus up the chain! Barone Zeppeli's Ripple rebuilt his ruined neck! Buffoon! Ye dare to crush the collar?! Ye mere man mayn't mar it! Though Milord bestowed great strength unto me, even I mayn't mar the metal! I shall terminate you, Tarkus! Mr.Joestar! Impossible! You are no heroic knight of either honor or chivalry! You are naught but a sl*ve to Dio's evil and treachery! I-Incredible! He's got the strength of ten spitfires, even! Mr.Joestar has completely changed! Barone Zeppeli channeled his lifeforce through his last Ripple! Their Ripple powers have combined into one! Tarkus.I shall smite your being to ashes, and your wretched soul shall be swift to follow! May you rest eternal, in the annals of history! Ye dare to belittle mine honor, ye scornful squire?! You have no honor! He's dead! Barone Zeppeli! Barone! How How could this happen?! How, Barone How could we even hope to continue this crusade without you?! Jojo! Do-Don't be a dense disciple! We have no time for tears! Yo-You don't need Leave me here, and go defeat Dio Destroy the stone mask Barone! Brief as my life was, I regret nothing.I was once married, and even had a family.But I left them, in pursuit of the stone mask.I knew I had done wrong, and yet I regret nothing.I embraced my fate of a short life Now, I've shared with you both my story.But Jojo.You are my only hope for humanity! Barone To me, you are a dear friend and beloved son.I'll always be with you.Now, and forever.Cia-! In the 19th Century, there was an English novelist known as William M.Thackeray who once said, "To love and win is the best thing, to love and lose is the next best." Jojo had lost his master, but he gained Zeppeli's story and spirit.Rest in peace, Barone Zeppeli.I-I beg of you! Please, spare my child's life! So if I may, Madam, allow me to clarify your request.You would willingly join my horde, on the condition that I spare the child.Is that correct? Please, just spare my baby boy! No more tears, please.How touching.Very well.Neither I nor my horde shall harm your child.I'll cross my heart, even.I must note though, Madam, my loyal servants surrendered their mortality to me in exchange for immortality, but would you not want your child to have to same? You both would be together, forever, without any mortal quarrel for all eternity.Please, just spare my baby boy! Spare him! Have it your way.My beautiful baby boy! I kept my word, Madam, but perhaps you should've chosen yours better.Now, your beautiful baby became your banquet.Mr.Joestar's wearing a solemn scowl now.His emotions are eclipsed in that shadow.We're all in the same boat.We're all trying to keep our emotions bottled up.But only after we've defeated Dio can we cry and curse! Mr.Joestar.Dio said that he'd transform all of Wind Knight's Road within the span of a night.If his zombies start infecting others, we'll have a plague to oppose.Is the township safe? Is anyone even alive in Wind Knight's Road? I hope Peggy and the others are okay We make haste! Mr.Adams! Poco, just what in God's name are you doing out so late?! Mr.Adams, have you seen Peggy? A-Are the town and its people okay?! "Okay?" It's pretty far from "okay!" It's bollocks! I got locked in yer barn after breaking my back all day! I suppose the township is still safe.Then we have to hurry! Thank you, Mr.Adams! Wee children I love the warm blood of wee children! He's already been turned! Catch me if you can! If he's been turned, then so has- The townspeople.There are zombies scattered about the countryside.Another zombie, are you?! I am Dire.A lunge of lackluster legerity! I have your head! Lightning Pincer Lunge! Y-You're quite peculiar! Normally, my opponents would've pulled their head back, but you did quite the contrary by hitting my head with yours! Desist, Jonathan Joestar.I am a mortal human.Pardon my surprise, but I wanted to test the techniques of Barone Zeppeli's disciple.You know Barone Zeppeli?! Aye.Our friendship spans 20 years now, from the time we were disciplined in the Art of Mystics by our master and Lama, Tong Pheti.Indeed.I am Straits.Read this.A letter? Who sent it? Barone Zeppeli?! Indeed.Zeppeli sent that, requesting our assistance.After he discovered the location of the stone mask and its proprietor, Zeppeli wrote to us, detailing your current predicament.Meet our Lama, Tong Pheti.Greeeetings.So you are Barone Zeppeli's master, Lama Tong Pheti? For disciples of Mystics, greetings require no contact.This is our greeting.If I may, might I inquire Zeppeli's whereabouts? So, Zeppeli has already embraced his fate.Were we to have arrived sooner, his fate would've still been the same.Tell me, is this "Dio" so overwhelming a foe to face? I ponder if that diabolical and wicked lifeforce from yonder is his own.Wind Knight's Road became mine long before the eve's end I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time I have you now, fool! I, Straits, shall spare you no mercy! I shall bring the axe upon your head, Dio! Then do it, Jojo! Episode Jojo & Dio's Battle of Blood
01x08 - Bloody Battle! JoJo & DioQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/08/23 07:46Poco! Where the bloody Hell have you been all night?! P-Pappy I'm happy you're still my pappy, b-but where's Peggy? She went looking for your belated butt.Peggy went out there, and hasn't come back?! Poco, what's got you on pins and needles? You're being bizarre.Peggy! Peggy!!! Once, two sh**ting stars descended from Heaven Sora kobore ochita futatsu no hoshi ga and flew straight into an ocean of emotion.Hikari to yami noã€€minamo suikomareteyuku From their impact, a ripple of strife exploded! hikiauyouni takanaru hamon hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, while the other strove for unbound ambition yabou no hate wo mezasu mono ni no matter the cost.ikenie wo furueru hodo kokoro moetsukiru hodo atsuku The star of the Sun, unwavering, burning with vigor, radiates a courageous flame sono te kara hanate kodou engulfing its entire being! karada minagiru yuuki de Both stars ready to collide mayoi naki kakugo ni gassai wo sono chi no sadame jojo For it's in the blood of all JoJos! Episode Jojo & Dio's Battle of Blood Take for instance the ripeness of this very rose.If I had to guess, you'd be as rosy as the rose I hold.Let us now move onto maturation, Mademoiselle.When this bloom blossoms, only withering would await.Wouldn't that just be a terrible waste? She is a sweet lass of 16! A vestal virgin, in fact! Lord Dio, would you not die to dine on a lass as sweet and succulent as she? An undisciplined dog deserves naught but death.Well, Madomoiselle? Won't you make a choice? Wouldn't you want to stay 16 for all eternity? You won't be beguiled into keeping my company, either.I just want you to determine your own destiny.Demon Louder, Madamoiselle.Y-You are demon, condemned to damnation for all eternity! Well then, while I find it regrettably regrettable to leave your company so soon, a parting gift.This is Doobie the Demon.If you'd rather deal with a real demon, then deal with Doobie.Au revoir, Mademoiselle.Wh-Who threw that?! Who knows.I could tell you, but my name needn't grace the ears of evil! Peggy! Poco! We got his face, we did! What manner of sorcery subsides in that sack? Wh-What's in there Th-That zombie snuck snakes into his skull! He's got toxic cobras and other vicious serpents! Lost for words? Mr.Jojo's been bitten by the toxic snakes! S-Several of them, too! Gee whillikers I have no time to deal with Dio's demons! Well done.He purged the poison.He's done well to control his Ripple respiration within a single week.It's the late barone's lifeforce that lifted Mr.Joestar's powers! Watch, as I spin the blood of your snakes with a small Ripple! Peggy! Poco?! Peggy! I've returned from the fortress for you, Dio.So you survived, Jojo.It seems your survival stemmed from defeating both Bruford and Tarkus.Lord Dio! Allow us the honor of beheading this human! Let my fangs fill this fool with holes! Dio! No.This foe This foe is mine to fall! I shall speak straight, Jojo.I never wanted to subject you to servitude.I never wanted my best chum, my brother, to be zombified, for there is no gratification to be had from it.Ergo, I left your supposed demise to Bruford and Tarkus.But that obviously ended in error.As a God, I cannot afford the liability of seeing you alive any longer! So now, I shall swing the scythe of slaughter! As shall I! I shall bring the axe upon your head, Dio! We'll get to it, Jojo But whatever happened to that idiotic Italian of yours? Where is he? Dio, I shall be direct with you.It's unbecoming of a gentlemen to swear vengeance, but to be ever so straight, I, Jonathan Joestar, would want nothing more than to eliminate your evil existence! Then do it, Jojo! Then do it, Jojo! Mr.Dire? Stand aside, Jojo.The one with seniority shall be the first to avenge his friend.Zeppeli and I were fellow disciples and friends for 20 years! For vengeance, vampire! I shall cast you into the very depths of Hell! Desist! You know too little of his skills and strength! Fascinating footwork.Perhaps the limits of human potential may be expanded to attain drift through discipline.However, your discipline pales in comparison to the deification I've earned this day! Wryyyyyyy!!! Dare you defeat me with such lackluster legerity?! I have you now, fool! Lightning Pincer Lunge! Incredible! Mr.Dire can deflect any att*ck and drive through with the that lunge! It's a crafty charge! None have broken through Dire's drive! Ice! It's absolutely useless! I-I'm frozen stiff! The Freezing Finger! The vampire vaporizes moisture on contact, causing the body to freeze from heat loss! Once frozen, your blood stops flowing and you can't channel any Ripple! A-And the bastard has become better at this.He froze Dire's whole body on contact! Y-You cur! Brittle in the britches, are we?! Buffoon, were you beguiled into the belief of my defeat?! You've ventured here for a brutal death, aye?! Then you shall have a most brutal death! D-Dire! Don't do it! Jojo, you're next in line for the trip to Hell! Dire! Did you enjoy the prick of a Ripple Rose? Dire!!! Mr.Dire! H-How dare you How dare you foil my fair face! Mr.Dire Speedwagon! Here! Dio! Mr.Dire has shown me the sole solution to slashing your Frozen Fingers off! And I shall demonstrate my design of your defeat! I shall behead you with the Rippled blade of Bruford, Luck & Pluck! Fortune Courage Fortune Fortune Courage Fortune Courage Fortune Courage Fortune Courage Courage Fortune The flower is fouler than the feces of frogs That accursed Ripple Rose harmed my fair face! Big are your bollocks, aye?! Then may they be burst by my bands of undead beasts! Make those blue faces bloody, my beasts! And the stinky shitter of a devil makes a stunning return! His gentlemanly facade and has all but faded away! Nothing can cloak the stench of a shitter! His first taste of a true Ripple's been a bitter one to swallow! I, Straits, shall spare you no mercy! I am Page! Jones! Plant! Bonham! Fool in the Rain! The sap of a rose is its lifeblood, and the Ripple may only be channeled through the lifeblood of the living.However, when the Ripple is channeled through metal, it conducts and disperses the energy.The horde of the hungry huddle to us.We shall suppress their stomachs.From what I know already, the shitter has the dashing legs of a leopard! But with the powers of Barone Zeppeli, Mr.Joestar may dash Dio's speed! And yet, the shitter's strongman strength may rend through both bone and flesh with ease! Who will win? The first clash should show the victor! I shall strangle you into an eternal silence! I permanently purify your putrid passions! When did he hide these roses?! Die, Dio! Well done! He's dashing at Dio from the right, where his eye's been blinded! C-Curses! Jojo's grown judicious from his jams! H-He dashed Dio! At last, Dio is defeated! Bollocks! You bloody buffoons! T-The sword is frozen! And how brittle it is! Wryyyyy! Now, I may enslave you as my loyal servant! I can feel your carotid artery pulsing between my fingers, Jojo! The warmth of this artery feels rather pleasant, it does.T-Take this! He's frozen my foot in frost! An utterly useless attempt! Enough of this foolishness, Jojo! You try anything again, and I'll sever your delicate carotid artery! If I so much as nick it, my vampiric essence shall enter your bloodstream and transform you! I-I have to help him! My minions! Stall those damned dancers for a duration! The hungry continue to huddle to us! We cannot help him as we are! Well Jojo, I'll have to hurt your artery in order to make you my loyal servant! You haven't defeated me yet, Dio, because you've made another error! Unlikely! Oh, but you failed to freeze my whole body for the sake of sucking my blood! If you had frozen my whole body, I would've be powerless to fight, but you wouldn't have been able to suck my blood, either! Your failure to prioritize your objectives was your error! He's scorching the sword! Curses! The flames thaw frost faster than heat dissipation through vaporization! He'll channel a Ripple through the sword! Sunlight Yellow Overdrive! Take this! He defeated Dio! Swerve, Speedwagon.As Dio still stands, the Ripple failed to be channeled.My arm My arm is frozen again! How could it freeze by contacting his face?! You were far too eager to exert some steam, Jojo! I shall commend you for your craft and cunning.I shall also commend you for using the flame to thaw the frost.But Jojo, my Frozen Fingers shall never be defeated.Contacting my body will freeze your arm, while another two seconds would freeze your whole body.He's purged himself of the vampiric essence! Mr.Joestar hasn't given up hope! Why do you take so tense a stance? Why do you even bother? I told you that the apex of human potential is limited, did I not? No matter what skills you've gained through the Ripple, it's absolutely, positively, ultimately, undeniably useless against me! A human could never ascend a God! And in terms of animals, Jojo, you are nothing more than a monkey to me! You're wrong! So long as I am devoted, the apex of human potential is unlimited! I demonstrate the result of said devotion! You won't have the time! I shall enslave you within moments! His hand! His hand burns! His fist is aflame! He could thaw the Frozen Fingers with fire! Who shall prevail in this predicament?! Duel me, Dio! Wryyyyyyyyyyyy! H-His hand's been caught! No! His fists followed through! M-M-My beautiful body melts! T-This flaming pain is unlike any other! I was supposed to live for centuries to come! I Dio finally bites the dust! and I alone He condensed his blood into a beam of light?! It would've taken my head off if it strayed a few centimetres to the right! Th-That was close! As he passes in pain, he commits one final act of evil before succumbing to silence.Dio's dropping down into the depths below! Dio Mr.Jojo! He's exhausted.The day of death, night of knights, and morn of mourning have taken its toll.Why does he weep for the death of that demon? Because he shared his youth, together with Dio.But I'm glad he's gone! Behold, Barone Zeppeli! We b*at him! Mr.Joestar b*at him bloody! At last, Dio is defeated! I might be mad to say this, but I daresay that we've saved the world! I'll be the roundabout The words will make you out 'n' out We spend the day your way Call it morning driving thru the sound and In and out the valley Eh! In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see You Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time It's about time he got hitched! I'm shedding tears of joy.L-Leave me! I would rather die with you.There's my new body.The Ripple of Rest Episode
01x09 - The Final Ripple!QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/08/23 07:47M-Move, my m*nled arm! Before the wretched Ripple splits my skull move for me! Lord Dio! He requires a new body On December 04, 1888, an excerpt from London Press followed as thus: "On December 01, 73 residents of Wind Knight's Lot total 452 went missing within in the span of a single night.Scotland Yard's investigation proceeds, with only a single statement from a witness to that night." "Four foreign blokes b*rned a gent's garbs near the chasm of a cliff.Afterwards, one of the blokes broke a mysterious mask with a maul." A smashing stroke, indeed! Sora kobore ochita futatsu no hoshi ga Once, two sh**ting stars descended from Heaven Hikari to yami noã€€minamo suikomareteyuku and flew straight into an ocean of emotion.hikiauyouni takanaru hamon From their impact, a ripple of strife exploded! One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo yabou no hate wo mezasu mono ni while the other strove for unbound ambition no matter the cost.ikenie wo The star of the Sun, unwavering, burning with vigor, furueru hodo kokoro moetsukiru hodo atsuku sono te kara hanate kodou radiates a courageous flame engulfing its entire being! karada minagiru yuuki de Both stars ready to collide mayoi naki kakugo ni gassai wo sono chi no sadame jojo For it's in the blood of all JoJos! Episode The Ripple of Rest "The heir to the Joestar Estate, Mr.Jonathan Joestar, wed the daughter of the Pendleton's, Ms.Erina Pendleton!" They'll have their honeymoon in America, eh? Crikey! I'll miss their boat! They'll be sailing soon! Ahoy! Over here, Mr.Speedwagon! You were minutes from missing them! I know I'm late, lad! Where are they now? They went aboard already.They're set to sail soon.Soon?! Where can I see 'em from?! Father Styx.We pray your mission in Mexico will be a miraculous one.As do I, Father.Mr.Joestar! Where are you?! Yer blockin' me, bloke! Whatever could be inside this cumbersome coffin?! Bollocks if you ask me! Last night, a creepy Chinaman hired us to have this heft heaved aboard! Wryyy Boys I-I think I heard a hiss from within Stow the gab and haul it, Harry! Our coin's kaput if it's not aboard! Are those lousy longshoremen blind?! Mr.Speedwagon! They're over there! Hail! Mr.Joestar! The hulking hunk's finally hitched.May your marriage be filled with merry! Speedwagon will always speed swiftly to your side whenever necessary, Mr.Joestar.But, I wouldn't want to roll over your romance.Mr.Joestar! I wish you a jovial journey! Atlantic Ocean - American Passage The poor bird's one wing won't work It's fallen from the flock Erina, what's wrong? Why are you weeping? I'm shedding tears of joy, because we're together now.I've got the gentleman who further wrought the wrath of bullies by displaying a handkerchief with his proud name, Jonathan Joestar.I couldn't ask for anything more.Neither could I.I've married the miss who bandaged and embraced me with her warmth, while I was enveloped in a frigid darkness, Erina.I'm pleased to have protected the world that you know and love.If only Father could have met you Erina, let's go to dinner.Jonathan-! I-I was trying to warn you I wish our happiness would be eternal Christ, it fell in the engine room! Of all the filthy fields it could've fallen into I could curse the clergy for all I care, but the rosary is my only resource.O God in Heaven Why do you keep sending me to these Godforsaken places? I couldn't.I've never indulged before.Indulge a little.A sip shall suffice.It's rather light, so sip some.Sip.A-Aren't you Jonathan? Could it be It couldn't! Dio still lives? Erina, return to our cabin! And lock the door behind you! This is a peculiar coffin The pad is unlocked.It's a bit bizarre, in fact.I can see the coffin's clasp shimmer from within But wouldn't that mean that this coffin could only be opened from inside?! Halt! Aren't you There's my beautiful body.D-Dio! Jonathan seemed quite jarred Something's off! Look at what I've become, Jojo.I wanted you to see what became of a God.And why do I degrade my dignity by displaying my head? Even though you've thwarted my plans, time and time again, you've earned my respect.I commend your courage, envy your vigor, and respect your resilience.And it's dawned upon me Dio Jojo Were it not for you, I would've never been bestowed the blessings of the stone mask.But were it also not for you, I would've ruled the world by now.If there is a God, and if He does facilitate fates, then I can only conclude that He purposely twisted ours to each other.I've realized that without you, I am incomplete.Therein, your body is the only one that would make me whole again, and with it, my eternal existence shall be an ecstatic one! That is the destiny of Dio Brando! I shall be swift with the stroke, as my respect for my revered rival requires it! H-His eyes! T-They glow! Your body shall be mine to have, Jojo! Jonathan! J-Jonathan! Erina! Now why would you do that? If you hadn't moved, I could've blasted through your brain.You wouldn't have to suffer as much as you do now.We've gone from dining in a hall to dining in Hell.The sight of the unsightly has left the lady speechless, has it? Jojo never did tell you the tales of my deeds, did he? I may be but a head, but surely, you recall your first kiss Erina Pendleton? My mistake.Mrs.Erina Joestar, is it not? Dio?! The boat's been beset by beasts! As per your instruction, I infected one passenger, who went on to infect others for the horde! And you shall have an even greater horde once we've reached America.I can't speak I can't even breathe I must breathe Erina Erina! I shall save you! I can't channel a Ripple! Behold, Lord Dio! The accursed cur can't even breathe! If he can't breathe, the Ripple is useless to him! Shall I smother out what life he has remaining now, in return for humiliating you, Lord Dio? Or perhaps we should watch him writhe in agony? Asphyxiation should only last a few more minutes.Watch your tongue, Wang Chung.Do not disrespect Jojo.He was the only human who forced me to survive as a head.Out of respect, I don't to prolong his suffering any longer, so go, and sever the sod's head! As you wish, Lord Dio.His beautiful body shall become my beautiful break! Jonathan! Be wary of his movements! Withdraw, Wang! He's bound to try something before succumbing! What's there to be wary about?! Lord Dio respect for this cur has left him too cautious! I shall scoop out your skull with my claws you stupid simpleton! I shall save Erina I have one breath to give One faint, yet final Ripple to channel I shall unleash every ounce of my Ripple energy! It shall suffice! W-Withdraw now, Wang Chung! I-I've lost something As if that something has all but vanished But what could it be? Curses! I-It was my lifeforce I channeled it all into my final Ripple I-It was too weak to destroy that zombie, but I've made use of him.I-Impossible! Jojo must've done something to Wang Chung's body! The Ripple didn't destroy his body, but controlled his body's tissue instead! Wang Chung's body is ordered to halt that shaft.A-And that shaft he's stopping is the ship's paddle-wheel propeller shaft! A zombie's strength is sufficient enough to stop the shaft, and if the shaft is stopped, the steam in the pistons remain trapped, causing pressure to increase from within! If that pressure causes the piston walls to rupture, the ship will explode! Jonathan! How could this be? How could this happen to you? How? E-Escape, Erina T-This ship's set to explode I have no idea how things came to be this way and equally, I don't know whether I should cry, scream, or faint.I'm at an utter loss.But I can do one thing.I, Erina Joestar, will accompany you in death.I can feel the warmth fade from his lips Why, oh why? I can feel his life slipping away.My beloved Jonathan Joestar will die But if we can be together in death, let this embrace last.When the ship explodes, everything will be set ablaze and our ashes will be scattered into the sea.Weep as you will, but I need you to live on, my love You're so selfish! How could you ask me to save the babe and myself?! I can't be the one to do it! My only desire is to die together with you! As that babe's mother d*ed in its stead my mother did the same for me! Take the babe and escape! You never cease to amaze me with your cunning, Jojo! Even in death, you manage to lead my ambitions askew! But I've learned from your cunning and resilience! I shall survive! My existence shall be eternal, and your body shall ensure that eternity! My minions! Chow down on Wang Chung! Remove his arms and make that shaft spin! It's too late for that Jonathan! The pistons have begun exploding! But I won't be blown away by this boat or the blasted sun! I've made prior preparations in the case of an expl*si*n! Erina, get a good look at your gent! Jojo's utterly defenseless against my domination, and I shall have his body within moments! Once I've finished, I shall make my escape in that coffin! It may withstand the expl*sive force of several bombs! I call my personal b*mb shelter! Now die, Jojo! At last, I shall have my beautiful body for centuries to come! Jonathan! Dio Maybe we really are incomplete without each other.We are bizarre brothers, you and I.And now, our fate shall be shared together in death, with the expl*si*n to scatter our ashes.Farewell, my love Erina Unhand me, Jojo! Let me go and we'll think this through, together! I shall allow your existence to be eternal as well! I shall seal your stings, and you can live with Erina for all eternity, Jojo! Jojo?! H-He's dead.February 07, 1888 Jonathan Joestar passes away Jonathan Joestar lost his life on that voyage, and nobody would ever know of the events that transpired aboard that ship.None would ever learn of his brave exploits or his life as a gentleman, save for his descendants.However, I was certain that the child within my womb, his child, would learn of them from me.On February 09, Erina Joestar was rescued near the Canary Islands.At long last, a chapter in the Stone Mask Epic came to a conclusion.But soon, another chapter, another adventure, would be etched into the Stone Mask Epic.JOJO's Phantom Blood End Bizarre Adventure I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time The year was 1938 Long has it been, Mr.Speedwagon.How did you know about my knuckle Kn*fe?! Get rid of him! The name's Joseph Joestar, but call me Jojo.Episode Joseph the Yank
