03x01 - Jotaro Kujo! Meets Josuke HigashikataQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 18:52dj guy: Good morning! Greetings, all. This is Morioh Radio,dj guy: and your host, once again, is me, your neighbor, Kai Harada.kai: What a refreshing morning.announcer: ,And I have the perfect song here to start off the day.kai: Here's our first song of the morning.taxi: Oh, there we go.taxi: We usually get good reception when we pass that tower.taxi: Is this your first time in Morioh, sir?jojo: Yeah.jojo: What kind of place is it?taxi: Morioh? Hmm...taxi: Oh! The beef tongue cooked in miso is good.jojo: Anything strange about it? Any incidents?taxi: No idea.main: ,Sorry, I actually don't know that much about it.taxi: Oh, where was I supposed to drop you off again?jojoj: In front of the station is fine.taxi: Understood.jojo: Good grief...jojo: I just hope nothing annoying happens.sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventuresign: Diamond is Unbreakabletopinternal,koichi: In April of , on my very first dayof high school, I met two bizarre men.sign: Episode   Jotaro Kujo! Meets Josuke Higashikatakoichi: I finally start high school today...I wonder what the people will be like.koi: My name's Koichi Hirose.internal/narrator: ,Though you don't really have to remember that.koi: I was so nervous on my first walk to my new school that I...Bam,sfx: Bamkoi: Eh? H-Huh? That's strange. We just ran into each other,koi: and the things in my bag flew out...jota: Sorry I wasn't watching where I was going.koi: H-He's huge! He's over  centimeters!jota: I have a question.main: ,Do you know of a Higashikata household around here?koi: Higashikata? No...jota: Then how about this address?main: ,It's Johzenji -.Jotaro_Kujo,sign: JotaroKujokoi: Jotaro Kujo...koi: If you take the # bus, it'll get you to Johzenji.koi: If you wait a little while, it'll get here soon.jota: Thanks.koi: The first guy was this man, Jotaro Kujo.koi: I found this out later, but he's ,and he's a marine explorer.koi: He's famous in the scientific world for his ecological research.koi: He seems really wild, but intelligent... or cool, I guess.guy: Hey! Are you a new kid?guy: You better introduce yourself.koi: Y-Yes, sir! My name is Koichi Hirose,and I'm a new student.koi: Good morning, Senpai!guyb: All right. Well said.koi: S-So scary...koi: Oh, it's okay. They're getting on a different bus.guy: The hell are you doing, ?!guyb: Who do you think you are?josu: What am I doing? Well...josu: The turtle that lives in this pond woke up from hibernation, so I was watching it.josu: I don't handle turtles really well. I'm scared to even touch them.josu: So I was thinking it's about time I got over my fear...guy: That's not what I asked!guyb: Stand up, foolishass!guy: You're pretty tall for a first-year.guy: But before you have the nerve to dress like that...guyb: You foolish ! Who said you could wear that?guy: You need to talk to us first!jojo: W-Wait... I'm not a fan of reptiles.josu: They scare me...Slap,sfx: Slapguy: What are you smiling at?josu: I'm sorry. I had no idea, Senpai.guy: There are a lot of guysmain: ,I last saw in a hospital after they said they didn't know and were sorry.guy: You wanna end upmain: ,like this turtle?! Huh?!koi: Th-They're awful...guy: I'll let you off the hook this time.guy: Take off that jacket and the pants, and leave them here.guy: With your cash!josu: Yes, sir! I'm very sorry!jojo: That just means if you don't want them after you, don't dress like that.jojo: What pisses me off more is thatmain: ,he isn't even mad after what they did to that turtle.guy: Hey, wimp. Why don't you tell me your name?josu: Yes, sir.josu: Josuke Higashikata, from Class -B.jojo: What? Josuke Higashikata?ID,sign: Student ID Name: Josuke Higashikataguy: "Jo" and "Jo," eh?guy: Josuke, we're gonna call you "Jojo" from now on!josu: Okay... Thank you very much.guy: Hurry up and take off that uniform.guy: The damn bus is here.guy: If you don't hurry it up, I'm gonna shave off that Astro Boy hair, too.guy: Well, what are you waiting for? Hurry it up!josu: Hey, Senpai...josu: What did you just say about my hair?jojo: What? A Stand?!guy: My nose... My nose!josu: I won't let anyone get away with making fun of my hair, no matter who it is!josu: Did you say my hair looked like Sazae-san?guy: Huh?! No one said that...josu: I heard you, damn it!koi: What the heck? That punk just went flying.jojo: Some kind of Stand just appeared from behind him.koi: Huh? That turtle's wounds are...guy: What the heck?main: ,Where you got punched is going back to normal!guy: Hey, he's all better!guy: But does it look like it healed all weird?guy: His face looks kinda different.guy: Huh?guy: No way! What does it look like? Hey!josu: I had to touch that turtle,main: ,even though I didn't want to, thanks to you.josu: What are you gonna do about that, huh?!guy: Wait! My nose! What's it look like? Huh?jojo: Good grief. So he's...josu: Gah! That scared me!josu: Oh, it's just the turtle again.koi: I was right. That turtle's all better.jojo: Josuke Higashikata...jojo: Born in .main: ,Your mother's name is Tomoko.main: ,She was  at the time,and was going to college in Tokyo.jojo: You've lived here ever since you were born.jojo: In , when you were four, you came down with a fever due to an unknown cause,jojo: and for the next  days, no one knew if you'd survive or not.jojo: Your father's name is...jojo: Good grief. This is such a rotten role to play.jojo: Your father's name is Joseph Joestar.jojo: He's currently .main: ,He's the founder of Joestar Realty.koi: I've heard of him before.internal/narrator: ,Apparently he's a huge real estate mogul in the US.jojo: He's still doing all right,main: ,but when I was looking into howto split up his inheritance,jojo: I found out that he had a son in Japan, which would be you.jojo: He didn't even know about it himself.jojo: That old piece of ..main: ,Going on about how he'd only ever love his wife,jojo: yet I just found his son who wasborn when he was  years oldmain: ,as a result of an affair.jojo: Whoops. I guess I shouldn't have said that.jojo: My name's Jotaro Kujo.main: ,I guess, technically, I'm your nephew.jojo: How bizarre.josu: Nephew? Oh, uh... Nice to meet you.jojo: Let's talk while we walk.jojo: And so, eventually, you're gonna get a third of the old man's inheritance.jojo: I came here to tell you that.main: ,The whole Joestar household is in chaos since the old man's affair came to light.josu: It's in chaos?jojo: Yeah... My grandma, Suzie Q,is the angriest she's ever beenmain: ,in their  years of marriage.josu: I-I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry I've caused such a fuss!jojo: Hey, now. Hold up.jojo: Why are you suddenly apologizing?josu: Well, I mean, causing trouble in a family is no good.josu: My mother has told me that she was in love when she gave birth to me.josu: I accept that, too.josu: Could you tell, uh, my dad, um... Mr. Joestar, I mean,main: ,that he doesn't have to worry about us?josu: That's all.jojo: What's with this kid?jojo: I came here prepared to takea punch intended for the old man,jojo: and instead, he's actually apologizing?girl: Hey, it's Josuke!girl: Oh, it is!girl: Josuke!girl: How are you?girl: Talk about a coincidence!girl: Let's go to school together.girl: Your hair looks as cool as ever.girl: You're looking sharp.girl: You're so different from the other guys.josu: Um... I'm actually in the middle of something important right now...girl: Huh? What the heck?girl: If you don't hurry, we're going to be late.girl: You can talk later.jojo: Hey, Josuke.main: ,I'm not done talking to you yet.Run these girls off.girl: What's his problem?jojo: Hey, have your stupid talk about hair later.girl: H-He actually said it.girl: He talked about his hair!josu: You...josu: What were you saying about my hair, huh?!girl: This isn't good.girl: Don't blame me!girl: Josuke hates people insultinghis hair more than anything else.koi: It's just like what happened earlier!jojo: Hold it, Josuke.main: ,I wasn't insulting you...jojo: ! Here it comes!Missing: ,Bashgirl: Josuke!girl: There's blood!jojo: Did you see it, Josuke?main: ,This is called a Stand.jojo: It's the physical manifestation of your psychological energy.jojo: Joseph Joestar has one, too.jojo: Stands can only be seen by other Stand users.josu: It pisses me off when someonetalks bad about my awesome hair.josu: I can't even help it!jojo: So this is Josuke's Stand!jojo: Th-This power...josu: You're wide open from your chin down!jojo: villain!josu: What?!koi: Huh?girls: When did that happen?girls: What's going on?josu: When did y—girl: Josuke!girl: No!girl: Josuke!jojo: Shut up!main: ,It pisses me off when girls freak out!Get out of here!girl: Fine...girl: It seems like they know each other.girl: Besides, he's scary.girl: But he's kind of hot...koi: I don't get it...koi: I have no idea what's going on!koi: But something is definitely happening!jojo: It's been a while...jojo: Actually, it's been ten years.jojo: But I was able to stop time for half a second.jojo: If I hadn't stopped time...I doubt we would've been k*lled,jojo: but one of us would've been badly injured.jojo: Here, Josuke.josu: Ah, uh... No. It's okay.jojo: I see.jojo: There's actually another reason I came to see you.jojo: The other reason is this picture.jojo: Something is hiding in this town.jojo: Something very dangerous is approaching.jojo: When Old Man Joseph tried to get a spirit photo of you,jojo: this is what he got instead.jojo: We're not sure why...jojo: But he's probably a Stand user.jojo: This doesn't concern you, but I wanted to at least show you the picture.jojo: You've been warned.ojo: Koichi-kun...jojo: If you happen to see him, don't go anywhere near him.jojo: Calling the police won't help.jojo: Just run.jojo: Josuke...main: ,Don't lose your temper and go after him, either.jojo: You'll get hurt, just like a moment ago.koi: Oh! The entrance ceremony!josu: Ack! Look at the time!josu: Aw, ..main: ,Who knows what my mom'll do to me if I'm late on the first day?!josu: Hey, I'll listen to everything you've got to say after school.josu: Hey, Koichi, was it? Let's go!koi: Huh?josu: Hurry!koi: Right!koi: The other bizarre guy I happened to meet is Josuke Higashikata.koi: He unpredictable and can go right from goofy to annoyed.koi: I guess his family situation is complicated.koi: And we only just met...jojo: Josuke Higashikata... What a weird guy.jojo: And his Stand...jojoj: This hat... It's back together?jojo: So his Stand reforms things into a different shape after they're broken?jojo: If it had been my face or head...jojo: Talk about creepy.internal/narrator: ,But if I think about him as a potential ally, he should be reliable.jojo: If you overlook his ridiculous personality, anyway.jojo: I just hope this has nothing to do with Josuke.signbot: Shisignbot: Shinisignbot: Shininsignbot: Shiningsignbot: Shining Dsignbot: Shining Disignbot: Shining Diasignbot: Shining Diamosignbot: Shining Diamonsignbot: Shining Diamondsigntop: Josigntop: Josukesigntop: Josuke Higashisigntop: Josuke Higashikataguy: Hey, girl!guy: Where are you headed? I'll give you a ride.guy: Hey, don't be so cold!guy: C'mon! C'mon!guy: Ooh, v-very pretty!tomo: You'll go wherever I want?guy: Hell yeah! I'd go anywhere with you.tomo: Then you can go straight to Hell!guy: Huh?sfx: Crushryo: Hey, you okay?guy: Officer!guy: G-Go get that crazy bitch!main: ,She injured me! That's a crime!ryo: Nah, I can't do that.guy: What?!ryo: That's my daughter.guy: Huh?ryo: Well, you know. You caused trouble for others,main: ,then you called my daughter a crazy bitch.ryo: I'll let it go this time,but be more careful in the future.ryo: You okay, Old Lady Murakami?ryo: Come on. Grab your bag.ryo: Hey, Tomoko!tomo: Dad.ryo: You headed home?tomo: Yeah.ryo: Let's go home together. I'm done for the day.ryo: How's Josuke?main: ,Today was his entrance ceremony, right?ryo: He'd better not be up to any trouble.tomo: Hmph. Who knows?main: ,That idiot can seem calm, then get annoyed outta nowhere.tomo: I wonder who he took after.ryo: Hey, now...tomo: But...tomo: Deep down, in the bottom of his heart, he's kind.main: ,No need to worry about him.ryo: Oh, yeah.main: ,Why don't we celebrate him starting high school tonight?too: Yeah, I'm planning to.tomo: But I wonder if he'll come home early.main: ,He'll probably stop somewhere again.ryo: No doubt.girl: Hey, I want to stop by Kameyu.guy: Huh? I just bought you an expensive bag the other day.girl: I want to look at, like, clothes today.guy: Watch it, foolishass!guy: Pay attention to where you're walking, moron.girl: He's super creepy.guy: He's not even gonna apologize after running into someone?girl: Forget him. Come on.guy: I know. You just wanna go to Kameyu, right?guy: Huh?jojo: Anjuro Katagiri, a.k.a. Angelo.jojo: Born in Morioh in .main: ,His IQ is .jojo: He was sent to juvie for robbery and r*pe when he was just .main: ,Since he committed that first crime,jojo: he's become the most awfuljojo: and disgusting criminal in Japan's history.jojo: He spent most of his youth in jail for his crimes,jojo: a total of  years by the time he'd turned .jojo: His last crime was so vile, it'd makeeven a rat in the bathroom puke.jojo: He was eventually arrested, and the sentence they gave himjojo: was death.jojo: But, somehow, the execution failed to k*ll him.jojo: Shortly after, Angelo escaped.jojo: He most likely became a Stand user right before his execution.jojo: I'm not sure why,jojo: but he's hiding out in this quiet town...main: ,Somewhere.josu: Koichi, you heading home?koi: Oh... Yeah.josu: We're in the same class.koi: Yeah... Talk about coincidences.josu: Well, see you tomorrow.koi: Ah... Hey! J-Josuke!josu: Huh?josu: Oh, you want to hear what that Jotaro guy has to say?koi: It's been bugging me,and it has to do with this town.josu: You're amazing. I'm gonna pass.koi: Why?josu: I'm sort of curious,but when I thought it through,josu: I don't think getting involved with beingsome guy's lovechild is a good idea.koi: Why?josu: Well, I mean...josu: Things are just fine as they are right now.koi: I see...koi: I wonder what that is.josu: Maybe an accident or something?josu: Wanna go after it?koi: Yeah.person: What? Are they sh**ting a drama?person: It's dangerous, so step back. Step back!koi: Talk about a huge commotion.old: A man robbing that convenience storetook a female employee hostage inside.both: Huh?guy: Look! There he is!cop: Don't move! Drop the Kn*fe!cop: Let the girl go!guy: Shut up! Get back!koi: Th-That lady has rung me up before!josu: His eyes are messed up.He'll totally k*ll her if he loses it.guy: All of you, get outta the way!I'm getting into the car!koi: This isn't good, Josuke! Get back! Back!josu: R-Right.guy: Hey, you with the stupid hair!guy: Sorry, let us step back—guy: I told you to get away from the car!main: ,I'll k*ll you!koi: I have...koi: a bad feeling about this.koi: I knew it!Missing: ,Loomkoi: C-Crap! Here it comes!koi: At a time like this? In this situation?koi: After Mr. Jotaro warned him!cop: Who's that?gop: H-Hey! Stop!jos: What did you just say?guy: Wh-Who are you? Get away from me.guy: You don't care what happens to her?cop: Get back, you fool!cop: What are you going to do if he loses it?guy: I told you guys to stay back, too!guy: D-Damn it! You're pissing me off!guy: I've made up my mind! I'm gonna s*ab this girl!josu: Oh, really?koi: Th-There's a hole in his body!josu: I angry you off?josu: That's my line!girl: Huh? I-I'm fine?!koi: She's back to normal. It's happening again.guy: M-My army Kn*fe! It's inside my stomach!guy: H-How?!josu: You'd better get a surgeon to takethat out... in the prison hospital.cop: S-Seize him!cop: What's going on?koi: Josuke!josu: Hey, Koichi.koi: Are you okay?! That was...cop: What the...cop: What are you doing, opening your mouth?thing: Who would have thoughttop: ,I'd find another Stand user here?thig: I possessed this man and was having a blast with that robbery, and then...thig: How dare you get in my way?!osu: He's the guy from the picture!stand: I'll be watching you from now on.stand: I'll be watching you all the time.josu: What'd you say, ?!koi: Josuke!cop: You idiot! Get him!cop: What were you thinking?!josu: M-Mr. Officer! W-Wait a sec...koi: What Mr. Jotaro said was true.josu: Let me go! I didn't do anything!koi: There's something in this town...koi: I can feel the presence of something completely unknown.koi: Something bad is here in Morioh.tomo: Hey, Josuke! Answer the phone!tommo: Josuke! Answer the damn phone!josu: Yeah, yeah. One sec.josu: Hello?jojo: It's Jotaro.josu: Oh, hi.jojo: We didn't have a chance to actually talk yesterday.jojo: We need to talk about the guy hiding in this town.josu: Oh, I actually wanted to talk to you about that.josu: Mr. Jotaro, where are you right now?jojo: The Morioh Grand Hotel.jojo: What happened?josu: Well...tomo: Damn it, this pisses me off.tomo: Where did I put the shovel?ang: That little brat...ang: Looks like he's got a cozy little family.ang: Not to mention he's got himself a hot, young mother...ang: I'm jealous.ang: Josuke Higashikata, don't get cocky, now.ang: I'm going to destroy your livelihood, your soul, and your life.
03x02 - Josuke Higashikata! Meets AngeloQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 18:55tomo: Ah...tomo:  it, this pisses me off.tomo: Now, where did I put it?jojo: Anjuro Katagiri, a.k.a. Angelo.jojo: He's become the most awful and disgusting criminal in Japan's history.jojo: He's repeatedly committed murdersever since he was .jojo: His last m*rder...tomo: Milkman! Watch your step over there!jojo: ...was lower than dog jojo: In March of ,jojo: he happened to meet three -year-olds.jojo: He r*ped and m*rder*d two of them.tomo: Did you step in it?ange: Yes, it appears so.tomo: Seriously, it pisses me off.tomo: Letting their dogin frontof someone else's house...tomo: I'm really thinking of keeping itmain: ,and putting it in the owner's pocket tomorrow morning.ang: Um... I left your milk over there.ang: I'll be off now.tomo: You...main: ,You're not the usual milkman.ange: Yes, I'm just covering this morning.tomo: Huh...jojo: Because the third boy was from a rich family,jojo: he demanded a ransom.jojo: That's what led to his arrest.tomo: I might just be picky, but the seal on this milk's lid is broken.ange: Huh?ange: Is it?tomo: Yeah, right here!ange: Oh, yeah...tomo: See? It's broken, right?ange: Yeah. Sorry about that.ange: I'll be going now.tomo: Thanks.ange: Good day.ange:  that !Glob,sfx: Globange: That woman's pretty watchful.ange: If that woman or her brat, Josuke, drank this milk,ange: my Stand, Aqua Necklace, could have possessed them!old: Another one? You just keep going, don't you?jojo: When the police infiltrated the area where the boy was being held,jojo: they found a truly horrific sight.jojo: The boy was dead, and his privatesjojo: had been chopped off and nailed to a pillar near the corpse.ange: Why didn't you clean up your dog?ange: On top of that, you just threw your cigarette on the ground, didn't you?ange: Don't get cocky!ange: Because those who get cocky...ange: can just swallow my Stand and die.title: Jojo's Bizarre Adventuretitle: Diamond is Unbreakabletitle: Episode   Josuke Higashikata! Meets Angelojosu: So it seemed like that Stand had possessed the robber...josu: Or rather, it was just in his body.It didn't att*ck me.jojo: Was Angelo nearby? The guy in the picture.josu: No, I didn't see him.josu:  it, my hair's not setting right.jojo: Listen up. That Stand's power is weak, but it can be controlled remotely.jojo: It's the type that can somehow enter people.jojo: I'm heading to your house now.josu: Huh? Right now?jojo: Don't eat or drink anything until I get there.jojo: That includes tap water.main: ,Don't shower or use the bathroom, either. Got it?josu: Hold on a second. I haven't told my mom about you yet.josu: My mom's pretty tough, but it seems that she still loves Joseph Joestar,josu: and cries when she thinks about him.josu: She'll know who you are with one look.tomo: Josuke, where did this picture come from?tomo: This is the milkman from earlier...tomo: Do you know him?jotaro: Hey, Josuke. What's wrong?josu: Crap! I was too late.josu: I just saw that thing go into my mom's mouth from the coffee!jojo: Hello? Josuke? Hey! Josuke!tomo: Josuke, you want some coffee, too?josuu: Yeah, sure. Could you put in some milk and sugar for me?tomo: Milk and sugar, right?sfx: Do-sfx: Boomtomo: Josuke? Was it milk and sugar?josu: Yeah.josu: Hello? Jotaro?Josu: I caught that Stand, but...jojo: What?josu: What should I do with it?jojo: How in...jojo: Be careful. Angelo should be watching over your house from somewhere.jojo: Don't take your eyes off that Stand.main: ,I'll be right there.paper: Angelo,CriminalCondemnedto Death,Escapesjojo: There's no doubt that Angelo was able to escape prison and death rowinternal/narrator: ,because he used his Stand.jojo: But I still don't know the specifics of that Stand's power.TV: Dead ball!TV: And that's the game!TV: The game ends with a dead ball!josu: There, there.ange: You little !tomo: Josuke! You need to get going,or you'll be late!ange: I'll k*ll them both!That little brat and his hot mom!josu: Yup!ange: I need to either get the cap offange: or break open this bottle, somehow...ange: He's...ryo: I'm home. You really feel it when you work the night shift at my age.ange: Higashikata...main: ,Come to think of it, it's the same name.ange: So this is Officer Higashikata's house.ange: I haven't seen him since I was .Talk about memories.ange: I know everything about you!ryo: Freeze.ryo: Josuke, why aren't you at school?josu: Are you allowed to take your g*n home, Gramps?ryo: Oh, shush! Answer me.josu: I-I'm going! I'm just waiting for someone.ryo: You fool. This is just a model g*n.ryo: You scaredy-cat.ryo: I guess I win the first round in our weekly contest to scare each other.josu: Yeah, yeah. I lose.ryo: Hm? What's wrong? You're not even trying to argue this time.josu: Nothing. Mom already left.main: ,You should go to bed. You're tired, aren't you?tvnew: Now, our next story.sign: News Bureausign:  Bodies Found In Parkannouncertop,tvnew: The number of strange deaths occurringannouncertop,tvnew: due to the center of the eye or earannouncertop: ,being destroyed has risen to seven as of this morning.tvnew: The police are trying to get to the bottom of these bizarre deaths,tvnew: which have only occurred in Morioh.announcer: ,They're trying to determine if theywere caused by illness or accident.ryo: I've heard about this.ryo: It definitely reeks of foul play to me.ryo: I can't help but feel like someone really dangerous is hiding in this city.josu: Gramps...tvcm: Morioh's masterpiece, beef tongue in miso.josu: He's here...ange: I know you well, Higashikata.ange: After you finish your night shift, you always enjoy a sh*t of brandy.jojo: Josuke, grab the bottle and get in the car.jojo: Let's take it somewhere isolated.josu: Right.josu: G-Gramps...aqua: Josuke Higashikata, this is all your fault!aqua: It's all your fault for not keeping your eyes on me.aqua: You got too cocky!aqua: It cheers me upaqua: when I see cocky guys step into the depths of despair!aqua: That was close! That power is incredible...aqua: You're still being cocky!aqua: I'll k*ll you, whatever it takes!main: ,You hear? Whatever it takes!josu: Gramps opened the cap on the bottle.josu: But there's nothing to worry about.josu: It's just a minor wound. My Stand can easily...josu: All fixed.josu: It can't be...josu: He should wake up.josu: My Stand can heal wounds.josu: I've done it lots of times since I was a kid.josu: I even fixed my friend's broken bone...josu: Hey, Gramps! I'm gonna be madif you're messing around.josu: Did you really fall asleep because you had the night shift?josu: You don't need to try to scare me anymore!josu: Gramps! Gramps!jojo: Josuke...josu: The wound's been completely...jojo: It can be said that humans live by destroying.jojo: In the midst of all that, your power is kinder than anything else.jojo: But once a life is taken,main: ,it doesn't come back.jojo: No matter the Stand, it can't bring it back.josu: For  years, he protected this city as a police officer.josu: He sensed the danger here,main: ,and when he heard news aboutjosu: murders that sounded like Angelo's work,josu: he had the eyes of a man who was protecting his city.jojo: Angelo has k*lled many.jojo: There must be several bodies of people from this citymain: ,that haven't been found yet.jojo: There's no reason for his murders.jojo: It's a hobby to him.jojo: And he'll keep k*lling, I'm sure.jojo: He's probably going to start by k*lling you and your mom.josu: I'll...josu: I'll protect this city andmy mom in his place.josu: No matter what happens.signtop: Asigntop: Aquasigntop: Aqua Nesigntop: Aqua Necsigntop: Aqua Necksigntop: Aqua Necklasigntop: Aqua Necklacesignbot: Ansignbot: Anjusignbot: Anjurosignbot: Anjuro Katasignbot: Anjuro Katagirinar: The funeral has ended,and his uniform hangs in the closet.nar: And behind it, the shoes, socks, shirts, and pants of a middle-aged man,nar: who would say, "What? This is what I like,"are neatly folded and lined up.nar: But eventually, they will probably be disposed of.nar: Because, despite his daughterinternal/narrator: ,not wanting to throw them away since they hold such dear memories,nar: no one will ever wear them again.koi: Josuke probably doesn't want to see anyone right now.jojo: Everything but canned drinksand foods is dangerous,jojo: so don't consume anything else.jojo: How's your mom?josu: I had her go to a relative's house after the funeral.josu: Good idea. She can come back after we kick Angelo's ass.josu: I'm not annoyed or anything.main: ,I just got a little worked up for a moment.josu: I'm calm. Completely calm.jojo: Calm, huh?jojo: Well, this is your furniture,main: ,so it's up to you if you wantto take out your anger on it.jojo: By the way, that scar on your lip...jojo: That's from when I punched you.jojo: Can't your Stand heal your wounds?josu: My Stand can't heal my own wounds.jojo: What if his Stand enters your body and starts tearing things up from the inside?josu: I'd probably die.josu: If it invades me, I lose.ange: You're gonna try to trap my Stand in a bottle again?ange: That ain't happening again, Josuke. I know your powers very well now.ange: Tomorrow, or the day after tomorrow...ange: I'll wait patiently for my chance._____Days_Later,sign: —  Days Later —jojo: He's come this close to see what's going on...jojo: But these past three days,he hasn't made a single move.jojo: What's he waiting for?jojo: It's raining...jojo: Rain?aqua: What?main: ,I thought something seemed odd about you.main: ,So you're a Stand user, too?aqua: Well, whatever. I've been waiting for this moment.aqua: This house is now mine!main: ,You guys can't leave while it's raining!jojo: Josuke!josu: He was just here all of a sudden, boiling the water.josu: He's twisted the faucet, too.jojo: Angelo's Stand has entered the house.jojo: He wasn't waiting for you to drink the water.jojo: He was waiting for it to rain!jojo: His Stand can move in the rain... No.jojo: It can move freely in liquids.jojo: Josuke! Stay away from that kettle!jojo: The steam is him!josuke: This is just great.main: ,We can't capture him in the bottle.jojo: Stay away from the steam.If you inhale that, you're in trouble.jojo: Get out of the kitchen.josu: About that... It seems like it won't even do any good to get out of here.josu: Angelo has already made several holes in the roof.josu: So it's dangerous to go upstairs,obviously, or outside.josu: This is just great...jojo: I never would have thought a powermain: ,that uses water could be this terrifying.jojo: He's pretty smart.jojo: What's so funny? We're trapped.jojo: Hey!josu: I mean, Jotaro...josu: The guy who k*lled my Gramps is this close.josu: This is just great!ange: Now, then. Let's finish this.jojo: Now, Josuke...jojo: How would youjojo: slip out of this situation?josu: Slip out?josu: I wouldn't quite word it like that.josu: I would break out!josu: Hurry, this way!josu: The wall's going to go back to normal.jojo: Good grief.josu: Well, we've blocked the steam...jojo: The humidifier!jojo: Josuke!aqua: I've won! Just as I thought, Josuke!aqua: I knew you'd break through the wall and come into this room!jojo: !ange: When horse races or test answers end up exactly as I expect,ange: I can't help but feel lucky from the bottom of my heart and laugh.ange: It just bubbles out!jojo: Josuke!josu: What Angelo just said is wrong, Jotaro.jojo: Josuke?josu: Even when things end up exactly as I expect,I don't feel like laughing...josu: Not when it comes to Angelo.jojo: That's...josu: Got it. Sorry, it's a bit gross.josu: I shredded up a rubber gloveand swallowed it beforehand.jojo: I see. It appears the user's body is over there.angel: Sh-!josu: So you're...jojo: ...Angelo.ange: !ange: Y-You guys aren't going to k*ll me, are you?!ange: Sure, I'm an escaped death row inmate.ange: But just because I was foundguilty by Japanese lawange: doesn't mean you guys have the right to judge me!ange: Josuke! I k*lled your grandpa,but you have no right to k*ll me!ange: If you k*ll me, you'll end up a cursed soul, just like me!josu: Don't go telling people what they can and can't do.ange: M-M-My right hand! My hand!josu: No one's going to execute you.josu: Not me, and not Jotaro, either.josu: You're not going to be ex*cuted,main: ,and you're not going back to jail.jojo: Josuke, I'll leave the rest to you.ange: Wh-What do you plan to do with me, you?!josu: Repent for eternity, Angelo!main: ,For all of those you k*lled, including my Gramps!josu: You're gonna live forever in the city my Gramps protected.nar: The Angelo Stone.sign: Morioh City Landmark The Angelo Stone Directions  One minute's walk from Morioh City Johzenji Street Bus Stop #nar: The Angelo Stone is known as a landmark,nar: and a place where lovers meet.topinternal: ,It's admired by the people of the city,nar: despite its creepy appearance.jojo: He really is pretty crazy.jojo: Good grief...
03x03 - The Nijimura Brothers, Part 1QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 19:17title: Jojo's Bizarre Adventuretitle: Diamond is Unbreakabletitle: Episode   The Nijimura Brothers, Part jojo: Yeah. The issue with Angelo's been resolved.jojo: But I won't be coming back for a while.jojo: That other photo we've been investigating...jojo: Send it over, too.jojo: Yeah, the one that the Speedwagon Foundation found in Egypt ten years ago.jojo: I think I might finally know what it means.jojo: Please.jojo: Yeah, thanks to him.ange: Josuke! I k*lled your grandpa,but you have no right to k*ll me!ange: If you k*ll me, you'll end up a cursed soul, just like me!josu: Don't go telling people what they can and can't do.ange: M-M-My right hand! My hand!josu: No one's going to execute you.josu: Not me, and not Jotaro, either.josu: You're not going to be ex*cuted,josu: and you're not going back to jail.jojo: Josuke, I'll leave the rest to you.ange: Wh-What do you plan to do with me, you?!josu: Repent for eternity, Angelo!flashback: ,For all of those you k*lled, including my Gramps!ange:  it...ange: Don't you dare get cocky!main: ,I'm sure he'll k*ll you both for me.josuke: What? "He"?ange: That's right. The one wearing a school uniform,main: ,who gave me this power.jojo: What?main: ,It can't be...jojo: Are you saying someone canwillingly give another a Stand?ange: Are you scared?jojo: Huh? How is that supposed to scare us?jojo: No... Angelo's not a Stand user by birth.jojo: It was a mystery how he obtained his Stand powers.jojo: But if there is actually a person who can give others Stands...ange: Terrifying, isn't it?ange: Want me to tell you?ange: It was last year, so ,ange: on a night about a month before my execution.ange: I couldn't sleep that night...main: ,I was just staring blankly up at the ceiling of my cell.ange: It was a completely silent night.ange: But then...ange: I should've been the only one in that dark cell,ange: but he was there.main: ,The guy in the school uniform.ange: H-Hey! How long have you been there?!flashback: ,Where'd you come from?!ange: Wha...ange: It was a very old bow and arrow.main: ,It looked like it was centuries old.ange: Wh-What are you doing?ange: I was so scared, I could almost feel my balls shriveling up.ange: But before I even had a chance to scream...guy: You're alive. Congratulations.guy: That means you've got the aptitude. If you didn't, you'd be dead.guy: You've just obtained a talent.ange: No... It's more accurate to say it was pulled from your mind.guy: The worse the villain, the more they have...guy: This talent that the man named Dio called a "Stand."jojo: Dio?jojo: Did you say Dio?josuke: Jotaro? Is something...josu: What?!ange: You fools!ange: It looks like you were so busymain: ,listening to my story that you forgot about my Aqua Necklace!jojo: Angelo, !ange: Josuke! Hurry up and get me out of this rock!josu: It would appear that...josu: I didn't have enough rage in my heart for you.ange: What are you doing? Stop messing with your stupid hair!ange: I'm gonna k*ll this brat! Let me out right now!josu: What did you say...jojo: Don't be rash, Josuke!josu: ...about my hair?ange: Y-You know... If you k*ll me,main: ,the guy in the school uniform won't let it slide!ange: He lives in this town, too!ojo: What? Josuke, wait!Glob,sfx: Ker-Blamjosu: Yeah... I just didn't have enough rage earlier.josu: I needed to do a great job of buryingthat assh*le into the rock, like this.jojo: Good grief.jojo: I wanted to get a bit more out of him.josu: Huh? You actually believe the crap he was saying?jojo: It wasn't crap. He said Dio's name.josu: Who is that, anyway?jotaro: He's a man that the Joestar family has been fighting for over a hundred years.jojo: My friends and I fought Dio and defeated him.jojo: But there was one thing that I didn't understand.jojo: Back in , why did the man called Dio suddenly acquire a Stand?josu: Could the same person have made him a Stand user?jojo: Yeah... The guy in the school uniform might be our new enemy.jojo: Or perhaps it's the bow and arrow he had.jojo: If that's somewhere in this city...jojo: Then it's hard to believe that Angelo's the only danger here.jojo: Good grief...Morioh_City_Repo,sign: Morioh City ReportMorioh_City_Repo,sign: Morioh City Reportkou: It's just like Jotaro said.flashbackinternal,jojo: There's no doubt that the worst thing imaginable is hiding in this city.flashbackinternal,jojo: An extremely terrible danger is coming to this city...flashbackinternal: ,No, it's already begun.koi: Since the beginning of this year, , people have disappeared in Morioh City.Abductions___Kid,sign: Abductions & Kidnapping Caseskoi: Of that number,  of themwere young boys and girls.koi: Even if some were runaways,Have_You_Seen_th,sign: Have You Seen This Person?internal/narrator: ,that's still seven to eight times greaterthan Japan's national average per city.koi: That number is extreme.koi: Not to mention...headline: ,Ryohei Higashikata Dead (Morioh Police Officer)koi: Josuke's grandfather...jojo: Koichi, you're even studying after school?main: ,Let's go home.koi: Oh, right.koi: Thank goodness. Josuke seems to be feeling better.josu: Yo, Angelo.koi: Uh... Huh? Hey, was this rock always here?jojo: Yeah, but it didn't look like this at first.koi: At first?koi: Well, whatever. Yo, Angelo...koi: By the way, what happened to Jotaro?josu: Oh, he said he had something he wanted to look into.josu: He's staying at the Grand Hotel.koi: Does it have to do with this city?josu: I'm sure it does.koi: I see.koi: The danger this city faces...koi: Huh? Josuke?koi: No one's lived in this house for about three or four years, right?josu: Yeah. It's so run-down that there's no way it'd sell.josu: It should be torn down and rebuilt.koi: No, someone's living here. Maybe someone moved in?koi: There was someone in the window just now.josu: Huh? Nah, that can't be. My house is over there, right?josu: I'd know right away if someone moved in.josu: Besides, realtors are always checkingmain: ,to make sure homeless people don't crash there.koi: Now that you mention it, that's true.koi: How strange. I wonder if I actually saw a ghost...josu: H-Hey, don't say stuff like that.main: ,Ghosts are scary! And we're right in front of my house.oku: Stop gawking at my house, little brat.Billion_,sign: BillionBillion: ,Billionoku: Say something!josu: Koichi!josu: Hey! What do you think you're doing?oku: What? That's my line.oku: You two are in front of my house...Morioh_City_Land,sign: Morioh City Landmark The Angelo StoneHow to get there: A minute's walk from Morioh City Johzenji Street Bus Stop #.The Angelo Stoneis known as a landmark,and a place where lovers meet.It's admired bythe people of the city,despite its creepy appearance.tomo: Give it a rest.main: ,If you're the newspaper guy,I already told you we don't want it.tomo: Who is it?!main: ,My father just d*ed of a stroke,main: ,and we're still busy with everything that follows.tomo: Could you come back another time?tomo: Y-You're...tomo: Jo...tomo: Joseph!tomo: You finally came back, Joseph!tomo: I was waiting for you this whole time!tomo: I've been so sad and lonely since my dad d*ed.tomo: I can't believe you showed up at a time like this, Joseph!tomo: I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you,tomo: I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you!jojo: I hate to disappoint you, but I'm not Joseph Joestar.tomo: Huh?jojo: Take a good look. No wrinkles.tomo: Oh... Now that you mention it...tomo: You're pretty young!jojo: Good grief...jojo: I'm Joseph's grandson. My name's Jotaro Kujo.tomo: O-Oh, really?jojo: Ask Josuke for the rest of the details.jojo: I hate annoying conversations.jojo: I'm here to see Josuke. Is he here?jojo: I'm asking you where Josuke is.tomo: Huh? Oh! Josuke hasn't come home from school... yet.jojo: I see... Then I'll be back tonight.tomo: Huh?tomo: You're leaving already?jojo: Oh, yeah...jojo: About your father...tomo: Huh?jojo: It's a shame.jojo: If Joseph Joestar had come to this city,main: ,he would have protected you as besthe could from the dangers to come.jojo: But he's old now.jojo: I can't let him come here.jojo: I'm here in his place.jojo: I just can't feel at ease.jojo: The bow and arrow that Angelo was talking about...jojo: In documents the Speedwagon Foundationobtained regarding the witch, Enyaba...jojo: She's holding the bow and arrow.jojo: They give ordinary people the power of a Stand.jojo: , that's unbelievable...No_Trespassing,sign: No Trespassingjosu: Are you insane?josu: Let him go.No_Trespassing,sign: No Trespassingoku: My father bought this house.main: ,Don't go digging around here.oku: Never do it again!josu: I'm not talking about that.main: ,I'm telling you to let go of him, villain.josu: If you don't let him go now,I'm gonna get annoyed.oku: Come on, now. "villain" is a bit much, ain't it?oku: Calling someone you just met a villain right in front of their house...oku: Do you even know how to talk to people?josu: Well, I know how to shut that mouth of yours.Glob,sfx: s*abjosu: What?!oku: Bro?!kei: Do you wanna know whyI sh*t him with the arrow?kei: Because that guy is Josuke Higashikata.oku: Oh, really? He is?kei: Since he defeated Angelo,main: ,that means he's a Stand userwho'll be trouble for us, too.josu: A Stand user?! You two are Stand users?!kei: Okuyasu! Make Josuke Higashikata disappear!josu: Koichi...kei: Hmph! I was hoping I couldmake him into a Stand usermain: ,that I could use like the others,kei: but I guess that's not happening.kei: He's gonna die.josu: M-Move!josu: I can still heal his wounds with my Shining Diamond!oku: No!oku: Josuke Higashikata! I, OkuyasuNijimura, will make you disappearmain: ,with my The Hand!oku: Here we go!josu: If you don't move, I'm seriously going to mess up your face.oku: You're pretty fast.kei: Hey, Okuyasu.kei: Using a Stand is the same as driving a car or riding a bike.kei: Those with no skill or gutsmain: ,will get scared and maneuver like crap,main: ,no matter what kind of monster machine they ride.oku: Bro...oku: Please don't say things that'll piss me off too much.oku: This villain's much faster than I thought.kei: We're not messing around here, Okuyasu!kei: The Stand that you acquired, The Hand, gives me chills just thinking about it.kei: You'd better be serious when you use it.kei: Make sure you k*ll Josuke Higashikata,who defeated Angelo, no matter what!kei: He's bound to get in our way.oku: I know—oku: Ah! I was talking!oku: Th-That's not fair!josu: You're pretty stupid, aren't you?oku: What? Why?!oku: Why do you think tha—josu: I told you to move.josu: Koichi!josu: Thank goodness. You're still alive.josu: Then I can still save...oku: That's it! You're gonna pay for that!josu: I told you to move!josu: Get any closer and you'll really piss me off!oku: Take your best sh*t, if you can!josu: He's got way too muchconfidence in his right hand.josu: This isn't good.josu: I've got a really bad feeling about that right hand of his...oku: Let go of my right hand, you little !josu: Yeah, it's his right hand!Gion,sfx: Swoopoku: Why, you...oku: Don't you dare run away, Josuke!oku: Don't abandon your friend like that!josu: There's something up with that right hand of yours.josu: Something's telling me it's not safe.oku: Think about that after you're dead!oku: Here I go!josu: Koichi... Just hang on a little longer...No__passing,sign: No  passingjosu: What's with that gate? Something's wrong with it...josu: No... passing?oku: Stop walking backwards, you foolishass.oku: You're getting farther away from your buddy.main: ,Come a bit closer!josu: That's it... The "tres" is missing.josu: I bet your Stand's right handjosu: scraped it off, right?main: ,It has the power to scrape away its surroundings.No__passing,sign: No  passingsome: That's right, Josuke Higashikata!some: Whatever this right hand grabs gets scraped away.some: And the parts that don't get scraped away...some: close together, so it looks like nothing changed.oku: As for the part that gets scraped away...oku: Even I don't know where it ends up!oku: I can do this to guys who try to run away, too.oku: I scrape away the space between us! And then...oku: See? You came right to me.oku: You could call it teleporting!oku: This is the power of the Stand even my bro fears, The Hand!oku: You can't run away anymore,oku: Josuke!oku: No matter where you go, you're...oku: always...oku: within my reach!oku: So weak!oku: You really b*at Angelo like this?oku: I guess you just don't get that it's no use.oku: You're the one who's stupid!oku: Now die, Josuke!josu: You really are stupid, aren't you?oku: Why?!Smack,sfx: SmackCrash,sfx: CrashKaboom,sfx: Kaboomjosu: That was close. Okuyasu Nijimura, huh?josu: That's a pretty great and terrifying Stand.josu: I'll be in trouble if he wakes up and tries to att*ck.josu: I guess I should strangle him a bit, just to make sure he stays knocked out.josu: It'll put the feeling of defeat in his soul, too.josu: One, and...josu: K-Koichi's...josu: That's enough, !kei: This arrow is very precious. It's the only one there is.kei: It's my precious objective.kei: I just have to retrieve it.jojo: According to Angelo's story,internal/narrator: ,it's this bow and arrow that unleashed Dio's Stand powers.jojo: There's no doubt about it.That unleashed The World...jojo: And after Enyaba d*ed,someone obtained the bow and arrow,internal/narrator: ,and is creating more Stand users in Morioh City.jojo: I've got to hurry and destroythat bow and arrow...jojo: To make sure a villain more evil than Diomain: ,doesn't appear with a Stand more powerful than The World.
03x04 - The Nijimura Brothers, Part 2QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 19:18kei: This arrow is very precious. It's the only one there is.kei: It's my precious objective.kei: I just have to retrieve it.josu: Don't you dare pull out that arrow! It'll make him bleed even more!kei: Because my little brother's an idiot,I have to k*ll you now.kei: Which means it won't be good if something happens to this arrow.kei: If the lady next door happens to see it,or if it snaps in half, that'd be bad news.kei: I'm a very methodical type, you see,kei: so I want to make sure I put the arrow away properly.kei: When you're listening to CDs, you properly put the first one away in its casekei: before listening to the second one, right?kei: Everyone's like that.kei: I'm like that, too.kei: Oh? You're gonna come into this house?josu: Think before you speak!josu: If I don't come in, I can't kick your ass and treat Koichi's wounds!oku: Bro! I haven't lost yet!oku: Hold off on attacking him!josu: att*ck?oku: We ain't finished yet!josu: Something's coming from...josu: the darkness of the ceiling!sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventuresign: Diamond is Unbreakablesign: Episode   The Nijimura Brothers, Part josu: Okuyasu...kei: How stupid you are never ceases to amaze me.kei: If you hadn't come staggering in here,kei: my Worse Company would have att*cked Josuke for sure.kei: And you actually walked into its att*ck trajectory.oku: Bro...kei: Your Stand, The Hand, is terrifying, but you're completely incompetent.kei: I told you over and over,ever since we were kids,kei: that incompetent people drag down everyone around them, didn't I?kei: I told you over and over that people only have the right to livemain: ,if they keep growing, didn't I?josu: What's with his injuries?josu: What kind of att*ck makes youend up with wounds like that?josu: Anyway, it seems that something's up there.kei: Little brother,kei: I think it's only natural that morons like you should die!josu: It left a ton of holes again!josu: What kind of att*ck is that?josu: Shining Diamond!josu: Are you trying to att*ck your brother, too?!kei: Josuke Higashikata...kei: I'm sure he won't abandon this brat he called Koichi.kei: He'll most likely come in here again.kei: I'll k*ll him, no matter what...kei: I'll k*ll anyone who gets in the way of this bow and arrow's objective,kei: no matter who they may be!josu: Now, then... How about you tell meabout your brother's Stand?josu: Tell me what his Stand really is!josu: If you tell me, I'll treat your wounds.oku: Like hell... I'm gonna tell you...oku: foolishass...josu: As I thought.josu: Well, then... I guess I have no choice!josu: I'm gonna go in there again,so just don't get in my way, Okuyasu.josu: Koichi doesn't have much time!josu: His Stand att*cks from somewhere within this darkness.josu: Going in here is pretty dangerous.josu: I've got no choice but touse all of my senses fully...oku: Hey, wait a minute!josu: Huh?oku: Why, Josuke? Why did you treat my wounds?josu: Shut up. I'll tell you later.oku: I might att*ck you! I'm your enemy!josu: You want a piece of me?oku: After I hear your answer!Why did you treat my wounds?oku: I'm not very smart, so you're gonna have to tell me!oku: And that wound on your hand!oku: You got that when you were pulling me outside, didn't you?oku: I wanna know why you went through all that to save me.josu: There's no deep reason.josu: "There's no reason he has to die."josu: That's what I thought back there.josu: Koichi...josu: The trail leads upstairs.oku: I still have more questions, Josuke!josu: What's your problem?!main: ,I'm begging you, just let me save Koichi!oku: Why?!oku: Why don't you use your Stand's powers to fix your own hand?oku: You should just fix it up like you did with my face.josu: My Shining Diamond can'trepair my own wounds.josu: It just means life isn't that easy.josu: And, more than anything,josu: I have no way of saving people who've already d*ed.josu: Let me just say one thing, Okuyasu.josu: If Koichi dies, I don't know what I'm gonna do to your brother.josu: So don't hold it against me. It was your brother who caused all this trouble.josu: You got that? If you do, stay outside.josu: Koichi!josu:  it... This is definitely a trap.josu: He plans to att*ck me from somewhere as soon as I get close to Koichi.josu: But...josu: Even if I know it's a trap,I have no choice but to go!josu: Koichi doesn't even have seconds left!josu: What?!josu: Okuyasu, !oku: Josuke!Glob,sfx: Gyaonjosu: Koichi just...oku: Because I'm stupid, I just act on what's in my heart.oku: Just once, just this once, I'll repay my debt to you.oku: I won't do anything else.main: ,I won't help out my Bro,or do anything to you, either.oku: This is it.josu: That's just great, Okuyasu.josu: Hey, you were in great danger, Koichi.josu: I'm glad you came to.josu: How many fingers am I holding up?koichi: Five...koichi: I-I got my head trapped between the gates,koi: and then, uh... um...koi: Wh-Where are we?josu: That dangerous situation we were in earlier isn't over yet, Koichi.josu: I want to go down those stairs and go outside,josu: but I wonder if Okuyasu's brother will let us do that safely...josu: There's definitely something up there.josu: Something's lurking in the shadows of the ceiling.josu: What's that?josu: Something really fast just went by.koi: Josuke, what's going on?josu: Koichi, I'm sure you have no idea what's going on right now.josu: For now, don't ask any questions,and get closer to me.josu: Earlier, it was creepy because I couldn't see it,josu: but I feel a bit more at ease now that I've seen it.josu: It just looks like a shrimp with very little power.josu: This battle's gonna end with me sending Shining Diamondinternal/narrator: ,after that shrimp the next time it pops up.josu: There you are!josu: What the heck? There's a ton of them!josu: And that uniform...Gion,sfx: Burnkoi: Wh-What's...josu: A bunch of guys that look like toy soldiers are falling...josu: Are these Okuyasu's brother's Stand?josu: Ow!josu: You!josu: I guess attacking two or three won't do enough damage.josu: And the wounds are small, but their destructive power is the real thing.josu: We're sure to get seriouslyhurt if we fight these things.toy: Since Okuyasu decided to meddle and save that brat,toy: my plan's been derailed.tory: But they won't be leaving this house...toy: Nor will they leave my Stand,Worse Company's, b*ttlefield.signtop: Wosigntop: Worsigntop: Worsesigntop: Worse Cosigntop: Worse Comsigntop: Worse Compasigntop: Worse Companysignbot: Keisignbot: Keichosignbot: Keicho Nijisignbot: Keicho Nijimurajosu: Worse Company?koi: Josuke, wh-what's...josu: Don't ask questions.josu: I'm sure you don't get it, but just shut up and stay back!josu: We're in real trouble right now!toy: All units, halt!toy: Ready, aim...toy: Fire!toy: Left face!toy: Fire!josu: As I thought, that's enough destructive power to blow offmain: ,our limbs if they hit us head-on!josu: Lucky! There are some windows.josu: Koichi, this is the second floor,main: ,but we're gonna bust out those windows and dive out.josu: I guess I was a bit naïve...josu: Just great... They have helicopters, too?josu: Those look like the Americanarmy's Apache helicopters.koi: Look out! There's a t*nk!josu: You're right. They have tanks, too.josu: Koichi, be caref—josu: What?josu: Wh-What did you just say, Koichi? Can you see them?josu: These soldiers, tanks, and helicopters...josu: You can see them clearly?koi: Yeah. I'm not sure what's going on, but I can see them.josu: Could it be that since you were sh*t by that arrow, you became a Stand user?koi: Oh? So the little shrimpkoi: has the power to use a Stand now?josu: There you are, Okuyasu's big bro.josu: You've got some guts,showing yourself like that!josu: My Stand, Worse Company, has unbreakable defense.josu: It's an army that won't let any invader leave alive.josu: I'm sure you want to b*at me...josu: But I can tell you right now that your Shining Diamond's att*cksjosu: will never reach me.josu: Look! Do you see my army's beautiful formation?toy: All units, maintain battle formation! At ease!kei: It feels so good when they'reso beautifully together.kei: Though I'm a bit annoyed that their formation ismain: ,a little off, since youkilled two or three of them.josu: You sure are methodical.main: ,You came out here just to explain that?kei: No, the reason I came out herekei: is to watch you, brat.koi: M-Me?kei: That's right.kei: Koichi, was it?main: ,It seems, despite my expectations,you had the aptitude to be a Stand user.kei: Make your Stand appear right now, and show me what it can do.kei: You might have the ability that I've been looking for.kei: If you have that ability, I'll let you live.koi: B-But...josu: The ability you're looking for?josu: What are you after?kei: You're in no position to be asking questions, Josuke!kei: My decision to k*ll you hasn't changed!kei: Be thankful that you get to live a bit longer.josu: That's just great.kei: Hey, what're you doing?kei: Make your Stand appear, brat!koi: S-Stand? I have no idea what's going on...kei: Oh? It's your first time? I see!kei: Fine! Josuke, show him how to make a Stand appear!main: ,Huh?kei: Your Shining Diamond's range is less than one meter.kei: If that shrimp's Stand's ability is able to compensate for yours,kei: you might be able to escape my Company.josu: True... It'd be great if it's a Stand that can kick your ass.josu: Okay, getting your Stand to come out is easy, Koichi.josu: You just need to feel likemain: ,you want to protect yourself, or you want to kick his ass.koi: Huh?josu: The rest is just instinct.josu: A Stand that's unique to your mentality should come out.koi: W-Wait! I can't understand all this out of nowhere!kei: You don't understand?main: ,Then I guess we'll just have to put you in a situation that makes you!kei: Do it, Green Beret!Smack,sfx: Boomjosu: What?!kei: That's...josu: Hey, Koichi, try moving it.koi: M-Move what?josu: That Stand!koi: Stand?koi: I-I made this appear?!josu: What happens after this?josu: What kind of abilities does this egg-shaped thing have?koi: Abilities? I'm sorry to disappoint you, but this is all I can do!main: ,This is it!koi: What? That's it?!kei: This Stand...kei: That's enough! That's all I need to know!kei: All units, battle positions!josu: Koichi, withdraw your Stand.josu: If they att*ck that thing, you'll die, too!koi: Withdraw? How do I make it withdraw?!kei: Commence att*ck!Crash,sfx: Kablowkoi: J-Josuke!kei: Good. Now Koichi and Josuke have been separated.kei: The cr*ck in that egg...internal/narrator: ,The brat hasn't realized it yet,but it might be something worthwhile.kei: The only one who's going to die right now is Josuke.josu: Ow...josu: Hey, Okuyasu's big bro,josu: if you're going to use an att*ck flashy enough to destroy this house,josu: I'm gonna do the same.josu: Let's make this just great.kei: Josuke Higashikata...kei: Is it true that you hate it when anyone says anything insulting about your hair?josu: Why don't you try insulting it?Just to test that out.kei: No, there's no need.kei: Because I'm going to declare that I'llmain: ,blow off the head that your hair sits on.kei: First, my Worse Company is going to sh**t your legs.kei: You won't be able to run away then.kei: Next, we'll damage your arm.kei: Then you won't be able to guard yourself.kei: And then, I declare that I'm gonna blow your brains out, along with your hair.josu: I see. That's a flawless plan...josu: If you ignore the fact that it's impossible!kei: I'm very methodical, you see.kei: If I say I'll do something in a certain order, I will.kei: That's what a declaration is.koi: He's wide open...koi: I just need to make that Stand thing appear again.koi: It's only an egg-looking thing, but if I can make it ram into him,koi: I might be able to b*at him!koi: I-I'm going to do it! Be confident!koi: I'm going to b*at him!kei: I'm very interested in your Stand,kei: so I won't k*ll you just yet.josu: You!kei: All units, charge!josu: Just like Moses, who parted the Red Sea and walked across its floor,josu: I'm gonna make my way throughthis army and b*at you down!kei: You fool! My plan is going exactly as I have declared,kei: Josuke Higashikata!josu: A l-landmine?!kei: First, damage to your legs!kei: And now, Apaches, fire your missiles!josu: My arm...kei: First your legs, then your arm.main: ,It feels so good when things go as I've declared.kei: Let's see if you can stay in one piece as my Worse Companykei: fires all its missiles, shells, and rounds into that damaged arm of yours!kei: You've lost, Josuke Higashikata!kei: All units!kei: Get ready to fire at once!kei: What do you think you're doing, Josuke Higashikata?kei: Are you surrendering?kei: Are you asking me to let you go?kei: That's not happening.kei: All units, fire!josu: My plan is already finished.kei: What?!kei: My missiles that just att*cked Josuke's arm...josu: Did you forget?main: ,My Shining Diamond can repair what's been destroyed.josu: If you forgot, then write it down.You know, methodically.
03x05 - The Nijimura Brothers, Part 3QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 19:20josu: My plan is already finished.kei: What?!josu: Okuyasu's big bro was a pretty great danger.josu: Koichi, let's get the heck out of this house.koichi: Huh?koichi: Wh-What about the bow and arrow that sh-sh*t me?josu: The bow and arrow?main: ,Looks like Okuyasu's big bro hid them somewhere.josu: Are we going to look for them?koi: Y-Yeah...josu: You know, I could swear they mentioned having a dad around.josu: I took some pretty major damage,so let's just leave for today.koichi: W-We can't!koi: I-I'm alive because you healed my wounds for me, but...koi: If someone else is sh*t with that bow and arrow again,main: ,they might actually die!koi: Here in this town!koi: S-Stay here. I-I'll go look for them myself!koi: N-Not to mention, I don't think their dad is here right now.koi: I-If he was, I'm s-sure he would have shown himself by now.josu: He's a lot braver than he looks.josu: He can be tough when it counts...Or maybe just reckless.josu: But right now, we should really hurry up and get out of this house.josu: Hey...koi: Wh-What? D-Don't try to stop me.josu: I won't.josu: Let's hurry up, snap that bow and arrow in half,main: ,and get outta here together,josu: Koichi.sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventuresign: Diamond is Unbreakablesign: Episode   The Nijimura Brothers, Part koichi: They have an attic. Maybe the bow and arrow are up here.koi: Th-There they are!koi: The bow and arrow!main: ,They're hanging on the far wall!josu: Hey, I think this was a bad idea.There's something in there.josu: Is something chained up in there?koi: I-Is it a dog?main: ,Those sounds can't be from a human...koi: I-It sounds like an animal.koi: No, I'm scared! What should we do?!josu: What should we do?main: ,It was you who insisted on going!koi: Yeah, but...josu: We're just gonna have to do this.josu: Listen up, Koichi.main: ,You're gonna kick in the door as hard as you can on the count of three.josu: We're gonna scare it.josu: Then, I'm gonna run over andsnap the bow and arrow in half.josu: Got it?koi: Yeah.josu: Here we go.josu: One...josu: Two...josu: Three!Glob,SFX: Grabjosu: What is that?!josu: Koichi!koi: Help!josu: That hand doesn't belong to a Stand. It's real!josu: That's a real body!koi: H-Help me!koi: Bleh...josu: I didn't mean to chop it off...josu: Wh-What the heck is that creature?josu: I can't believe that thing's been living near my house...koi: Bleh...kei: Looks like you finally saw the thing you weren't supposed to see.josu: You...kei: That thing right there... is our dad.kei: My dad needs these.koi: Th-The bow and arrow...kei: I want to find a Stand user for my dad's sake.kei: That's why I can't let anyone elsekei: have this bow and arrow or destroy them,kei: no matter what!josu: Is it some kind of disease?kei: Disease? No.main: ,My dad's perfectly healthy,kei: and he's got an appetite.kei: But he just keeps moaning, and he doesn't recognize me as his son.josu: So you were looking for a Stand user to fix your dad.kei: Fix?main: ,You gonna fix him for me? That's not it, either.kei: It's the opposite.kei: I'm looking for a Stand user who'll k*ll my dad.kei: Dad won't die, no matter what.kei: Whether you smash his head in,main: ,or grind up his body, or rip things off, nothing works!kei: I just want to let him die normally.kei: I swore when I was a kid that I'd do anything to make that happen.kei: And to do that, I need this bow and arrow.kei: Otherwise, my dad will probably live like this forever.kei: Because my dad had some guy named Dio's cellsmain: ,implanted in his head,so he ended up like this!josu: Dio? Did you just say Dio?josu: That's the guy Jotaro talked about.kei: Let me tell you a bit about the past,main: ,Josuke Higashikata.kei: After all, you're not completely uninvolved.kei: Everything happened eleven years ago, in .kei: At the time, I was seven, and Okuyasu was four.kei: We lived in Tokyo.kei: The world was carefree,thanks to the bubble economy,kei: but at the time, my dad had no luck.kei: Our mom d*ed of an illness,kei: the business that my dad was running went under,Luxury_Houses_Ni,sign: Luxury HousesNijimura Landkei: and he was in massive debt.kei: He would hit us for no reason all the time.kei: Our dad was a total loser.kei: But then, suddenly,kei: money started rolling in to my dad.kei: Even jewels and precious metals, too, sometimes.kei: He wasn't even really working.kei: I found out later when I did some researchkei: that my dad had apparently already sold his soul to Dio.kei: He became one of his minions in exchange for money.kei: It seems that Dio was looking for anyone with Stand potential back then.kei: Somehow, he found out that my dad had the potential,kei: though I have no idea now what his Stand was like.kei: But one day... Even though it was ten years ago, I still remember it vividly.kei: When I got home from school, around : PM...kei: Okuyasu!kei: Did Dad hit you again? That scum!oku: N-No!kei: Huh?dad: Dio...dad: Dio's dead...flashback: ,That has to be why!kei: Dad?kei: Dad, let's call an ambulance.dad: It's no use! This isn't an illness!flashback: ,The flesh bud has gone berserk!dad: I'm done for!fboverlap,kei: Dad!kei: About a year after that, he becamea glob of flesh that can't even tellmain: ,that we're his sons anymore.kei: Dio would implant his own cells into the heads of those he couldn't trust,kei: and order them around whenhe wanted to control them.kei: Dad had one of those flesh buds implanted in his head.kei: I spent ten years researching everything.kei: About Stands, about Jotaro...main: ,Then I found out about the old woman named Enyaba,main: ,and obtained the bow and arrow.kei: But as I learned all of this,main: ,I also had to accept that my dad would never recover.kei: Because Dio's immortal cells had become one with him.kei: This is all he does, all day long.kei: Every single day...kei: Day after day, for ten years,kei: he uselessly scratches around that box of junk.kei: If I take the box away from him, he just cries for days.kei: It pisses me off.main: ,Watching him just makes me hate the idea of living.kei: How many times have I told you not to make a mess?kei: He can be obedient if I discipline him,kei: but he never stops digging around in that box!main: ,Bleh...josu: Hey! You're the one who needs to stop!josu: He's your dad!kei: Yeah, that's right.kei: He's my father by blood.kei: But right now, he's as much my father as he's not.kei: He's a man who sold his soul to Dio,and got what he deserved.kei: Yet, on the other hand,main: ,do you know how it feels, not being able to finish him off because he's your dad?kei: That's exactly why I want him to die normally.kei: Once he's finally dead,my life can actually begin!kei: ! I told you to stop that!main: ,It pisses me off!josu: Hey!josu: That's enough!kei: I can't let you have this bow and arrow.kei: No matter what!josu: Don't get the wrong idea!main: ,I'll worry about the bow and arrow later.josu: Right now, that box has my attention!Gion,sfx: DogyaaGion,sfx: Dokoi: Th-The box?Gion - Copy,sfx: gyaajosu: I saw him grabbing at some paper scraps,main: ,so I was curious about what it was.josu: I see now.koi: A family photo...koi: S-So there was a reason.main: ,There was a reason for thebehavior he repeated for ten years.koi: He was looking for the photo of his sons at the time.koi: He might not understand what's going on right now,koi: but deep down inside,he still has his memories!koi: Memories of the past!signtop: Thesigntop: The Hasigntop: The Hansigntop: The Handsignbot: Okusignbot: Okuyasusignbot: Okuyasu Nijisignbot: Okuyasu Nijimurajosu: Instead of looking for a Stand to k*ll him,josu: if you'll try to find one that can cure him,josu: I don't mind helping you out.josu: But hand over that bow and arrow.main: ,I'm gonna snap them in half.josu: You planning to run?oku: Big Bro, let's stop this.kei: Okuyasu!oku: Come on, let's stop all of this, okay?josu: You were still here?oku: Dad might get cured, right?oku: Even if his body doesn't go back to normal,oku: maybe his mind and his memories will go back to how he used to be.main: ,Right?kei: Okuyasu! What do you think you're holding?oku: Big Bro...kei: Out of the way, Okuyasu!main: ,I can't turn back anymore, no matter what happens!kei: I've already k*lled so many people in this city with this bow and arrow!kei: Besides, I don't even think of you as my little brother anymore.kei: Since you're not my little brother, I can k*ll you without hesitation!oku: B-Big Bro...josu: You guys...josu: Do you have any relatives here besides your dad?oku: Relatives? There's only the three of us.oku: Th-That's...josu: It came out of the electrical outlet...kei: Okuyasu! Stop spacing out, you foolishass!oku: Big Bro!bird: I'm taking this bow and arrow, Keicho Nijimura!bird: I, who got sh*t by this bow and arrow, and had my Stand ability awakened!kei: You think...main: ,someone like you can handle this bow and arrow?bird: Keicho Nijimura!main: ,You said Stands depend on one's mentality, didn't you?bird: Well, I've grown!bird: How else do you think my Stand,Chili Pepper, grew this much?kei: Worse Company!bird: Shut up!josu: Th-That's...koi: Electricity!main: ,Okuyasu's big brother is being turned into electricity,main: ,along with the bow and arrow!oku: Big Bro!kei: Don't touch me!kei: You'll be dragged in, too!oku: Big Bro...kei: D-! It's taking the bow and arrow!kei: Okuyasu...kei: You were always holding me back!oku: Big Bro!koi: Josuke!josu: I could have sworn I just saw someone who looked likejosu: the user looking in through that window.josu: Do you know anything about that Stand we just saw, Okuyasu?oku: N-No. My big bro found a lot of Stand users I didn't know about.oku: J-Josuke! Th-That's...josu: Okuyasu...oku: My big bro... deserved to end up like that.oku: There's no way he could have lived a decent life.oku: That was his fate.oku: But you know...main: ,In the end, my big bro...oku: In the very end, my big bro defended me, didn't he?oku: Josuke, you saw it, right?josu: Yeah. I definitely saw it.josu: Your big bro defended you.guy: Is this Jotaro Kujo?jojo: I don't recognize your voice.main: ,Who are you?guy: That doesn't matter.guy: Jotaro Kujo, I'm asking you to leave Morioh City.jojo: I don't think I'll listen to someonemain: ,I don't know suddenly telling me to leave.jojo: Would you leave, no questions asked,if you were in my shoes?guy: I'm the one who has the bow and arrow.guy: I got it after I k*lled Keicho Nijimura.guy: I don't mind k*lling you either,Jotaro, but I hear thatannouncer: ,you have the ability to stop time for a second or two.guy: You sound like a tough opponent,announcer: ,so I thought I'd give you a call and warn you first.jojo: Are you also Stand user?main: ,What do you plan to do with the bow and arrow?guy: I don't plan on giving you any trouble.guy: And as long as Josuke Higashikata doesn't try anything,Unavailable_Numb,sign: Unavailable Number  Public Phoneannouncer: ,I won't do anything to him, either.guy: I just received this Stand ability.announcer: ,I just want to have a little fun.guy: I'm fed up with my annoying life of entrance exams and getting a job.jojo: Are you a student?guy: What difference does that make?!guy: Listen! If you overstay your welcome in my city,announcer: ,I'm gonna k*ll you and Josuke, too! Got it?!jojo: How many other Stand users are in this city?jojo: Good grief...nar: Keicho Nijimura was buried in Kunimi Peak Cemetery,internal/narrator: ,which is west of Morioh City.nar: The stolen bow and arrow remain missing.Nijimura_Family,sign: Nijimura Familynar: Okuyasu Nijimura decided to settle downinternal/narrator: ,with his father in Morioh City for a while.nar: And...mom: Josuke, would you get that?josu: Yes?oku: Hey, Josuke! Let's go to school.josu: Huh?oku: I'll be going to the same school as you starting today.josu: Even so, you don't have to come and get me.main: ,We're not in grade school.oku: Man, I had no idea your house was, like, right in front of mine!josu: Yeah, you could call that a shocking truth...oku: Come on. Let's hurry up and go.mom: Oh, is that a friend of yours, Josuke?oku: Hi! I'm Okuyasu Nijimura!mom: Come on in and have a cup of coffee while he finishes getting ready.oku: Really? Thank you very much!oku: Your mom is totally hot.oku: Pardon the intrusion!josu: This is just great... and heavy...
03x06 - Koichi Hirose (Echoes) / Koichi Hirose (Reverb)QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 19:21Radio: This is Morioh City Radio.Radio: Your host, once again, is me, your neighbor, Kai Harada.Radio: Now, then...Koi: Look at those smooth spokesshining as they spin!announcertop,Radio: Last week's topic was, "The King of Terror is supposed to come from the sky this July.Koi: This mountain bike was a gift to celebrate me getting into high school.announcertop,Rdio: What are the citizens of Morioh City going to do?"Koi: Getting new stuff is always exciting.announcertop,Radio: All right, let's get to the replies.announcertop,Radio: This one's from "RIP Big Bro."Koi: I'm not gonna be able to take the bus to school for a while!announcertop,Radio: I wonder what happened to his big bro?Koi: O-Ow...Koi: Wh-What the heck?Koi: There's a bag in the middle of the road.Koi: I-It can't be! The thing in that bag was...Koi: Wh-What am I gonna do?! I ran it over!Koi: I-I couldn't help it!main: ,It was in the middle of the road!Koi: There was nothing I could've done!Tama: Precisely.Tama: You're not the one at fault here.Tama: That was just an unfortunate accident.Tama: The guy who put the kitten in a bag and left it in the road is at fault.Tama: Talk about a terrible thing to do.Koi: W-We have to treat its injuries!Tama: It's no use.Tama: You don't hear it crying, do you?Tama: It's dead.Tama: What's your name?Tama: My name's Tamami Kobayashi, and I graduated frommain: ,your school two years ago.Tama: That's a nice bike.Tama: You a first-year?Koi: Y-Yes. My name's Koichi Hirose.Tama: Ah, high school, eh? Takes me back.Tama: Things were good back then.Tama: Well, have a seat, Hirose.Koi: Huh? B-But...Tama: Just shut up and sit down.Tama: So... I've got an idea.Tama: I'll bury that cat for you,Tama: so give me a little money. Okay?Tama: Hey! Are you listening?!Koi: Wh-What are you talking about?Tama: Hey, now. Quit messing around.Tama: It's true that this wasn't your fault,main: ,but are you planning to donothing about k*lling my cat?Koi: Did you say it was your cat?Tama: That's right.Koi: Y-You put the kitten o-over there?Tama: That's not the problem anymore.Tama: I'm asking you if you're really gonna do nothing about it and go.Tama: You're the one that k*lled it, bro.Title: Jojo's Bizarre AdventureTitle: Diamond is UnbreakableTitle: Episode   Koichi Hirose (Reverb)Tama: Hey, you're feeling guilty, right?Tama: If your heart could be freedmain: ,from the shackles of guilt by paying some cash...Tama: Wouldn't it be better to just pay up?Tama: Right?Money,Sign: MoneyKoi: Wh-What's this lock-looking thing?!Koi: It's heavy!Tama: Huh? You can see that?Tama: Then this should go even faster, Hirose.Koi: Th-This is a Stand!Koi: A Stand's inside my body!Oku: Hey, Josuke.Oku: Isn't that Koichi standing over there?Josu: Yeah, that's definitely Koichi.Josu: That kid hangs out with shady-looking characters all the time.Oku: But he looks like he's having fun.Tama: I met a guy named Keicho Nijimura about four months ago,main: ,and obtained this ability.Tama: I had no idea what was going on,but man, I was happy.Tama: I figured that if I could use this ability properly,main: ,it could support me for the rest of my life.Tama: Now...Tama: Come on, cough it up.Tama: These shackles won't come off if you don't pay up.Koi: I-I don't...Koi: have any money.Tama: Huh... You looked away just now, didn't you?Koi: W-Well...Koi: I-It's heavy!Koi: I can't even stand anymore!Tama: Tsk, tsk, tsk.Tama: It's not nice to lie, you know.Tama: You felt bad about lying, didn't you?Tama: The more guilt you feel,the bigger the lock becomes.Tama: These shackles are the weight of your sins.main: ,It's a*t*matic.Tama: Even if I'm sleeping, or if you try to run far away, it's never coming off.Tama: All right? If you get it, then show me your wallet.Tama: Come on.Tama: What the heck? You should have just given me this in the first place.Tama: You have , yen!Koi: Th-That's for buying sneakers for gym class today.Tama: Sneakers?Tama: Go barefoot!Josu: What are you doing over there?Koi: J-Josuke and Okuyasu!Josu: A grown man trying to thr*aten a high school kid for money?Josu: Try getting a job to earn your money.Tama: Now, look! You little boys stay out of this!Josu: Oh, we can't do that.Josu: Not when there's some smelly trash around, using some petty Stand.Josu: We've got to take out that trash properly.Tama: Hey...Oku: This seriously isn't coming off.Tama: Whoa, wait... You guys can see it, too?Tama: Just how many of you can see that?Josu: That's what I want to know.Josu: But right now, that doesn't matter.Josu: Would you kindly take that lock off of him?tama: Hey, you little brats! Don't underestimate me!Tama: I'm not playing games here!Tama: Sinners must pay for their sins. That's the rule of society.Tama: Or what? You're going to pay me instead of Koichi?Tama: Then I'll let you off the hook.Tama: Money's money to me.Oku: Oh? You're gonna try to get money from me?Ok: Just try it, !Koi: Wait! You just took , yen for me!Tama: That was the fee for lying to me!Koi: Huh?!Tama: You're trying to pay for that poor kitten's life with just , yen?Tama: That just won't do.Tama: I'll take about five hundred grand for that.Koi: Five hundred grand?!Tama: Come on, five hun—Oku: Shut up, you little !Koi: O-Okuyasu!Josu: Hey, don't push it.Oku: Shut yer trap, you foolishass.Oku: We told you to give his , yen back, so give it back, you dip!Glob,Sfx: SlipTama: O-Ow! My front tooth!Oku: Wh-Why did you wobble around and fall over on your own?Tama: On my own? That's so cruel!Tama: How dare you say that after hitting me?!Tama: My front tooth's gone. You're so cruel!Oku: H-Hey, wait a sec... Are you okay?Koi: Wait, Okuyasu...Koi: Don't feel any guilt toward him!Koi: H-He did it on purpose!Tama: Front teeth are pretty expensive, you know...Tama: Since I don't have insurance.Oku: Wh-Why, you...Tama: Whoa, now! Don't try anything funny with me.Tama: If anyone who's got my lock on them tries to damage me in any way,Tama: it goes right back to that lock.Oku: Y-You...Josu: Hey. Is the kitten that you said Koichi ran overJosu: this thing?Koi: A s-stuffed animal?Josu: Here, let me see. I picked up your front tooth for you.Josu: It's all better.Oku: It's gone!Koi: Yay! My heart feels so much lighter now!Tama: Wh-Who are you?!Josu: Hey, aren't you forgetting the , yen?Tama: All right! I'll give it back.Oku: Once the money's down, hurry up and get out of here, foolishass!Koi: I-I'm saved... Ah!koi: Th-The bills... H-He took them!Koi: He took the big parts thatthe bank would exchange!Josu: Th-That one...Oku: Unforgivable! Even if it's not my money.Tama: . I was only able to get , yen.Tama: Don't think you're gonna get away with that.Tama: Just you wait.Koi: Aw, man...main: ,My day started off with something terrible, so I was down the whole day.Koi: I'm home, Police.Koi: Hey, you alive? Woof, woof.Koi: I'm home.Tama: I've heard all about you around town, ma'am.Tama: They say you're beautiful, kind, and so refined.Mom: You can't be serious.Tama: I wouldn't lie!Mom: Really?Tama: Of course!Koi: Wh-Why is he in my house rubbing my mom's shoulders?!Signtop: TheSigntop: The LockSignbot: TamaSignbot: TamamiSignbot: Tamami KobaSignbot: Tamami KobayashiKoi: Y-You!Koi: What are you doing here?!Mom: Oh, Ko, you're back. Hi!Koi: I-I asked you wh-what you were doing here!Mom: This gentleman delivered the money you dropped.Koi: Huh?!Mom: Seven thousand yen.You must've been in a hurry.Koi: Th-This money... You told her you found it?Mom: That's right. You ran into Mr. Kobayashi on your bike today, didn't you?Koi: Wha...Tama: I made sure you got your money back, Koichi.Koi: A-And you should have!Mom: Ko, why are you so worked up?Tama: Ma'am, this is hard for me to say,Tama: but it appears that I dropped my wallet when we ran into each other, too.Tama: It looks just like this one.Tama: Which means our wallets got swapped.Tama: Do you understand what I'm saying, ma'am?Mom: Y-Yes, though that seems very unusual.Mom: But I guess it's possible.Tama: So I'd like you to tell Koichi to return my wallet to me.Tama: It had about five hundred thousand yen in it.Tama: Please tell him to give it back to me.Mom: What?!Koi: F-Five hundred thousand?!Koi: So that's it!Koi: I see your scheme now!Mom: K-Ko...Koi: Don't panic! He's a con artist!Koi: They're all lies!Tama: Oh, that's right.main: ,I can prove that our wallets got switched.tama: Last night, I had a hamburger combo at Jonny's.tama: And... Oh, yes. I added an order of onion gratin soup...tama: So I believe the total onthe receipt was , yen.tama: It should be tucked away in the wallet Koichi has.Mom: K-Ko!Koi: N-No! Mom, please believe me!Koi: This is a trick!Koi: You did this earlier, didn't you?!Koi: And then you went out of your way to buy a similar wallet!Tama: I hate to say this, but your son, thoughI'm sure it's just a phase, is pretty rotten.Tama: Don't you feel guilty as his motherTama: for raising a son like that?Koi: Stop!Koi: M-Mom!Tama: I finally did it!Tama: Now the weight of her guilt won't allow her heart to be free.Tama: I'm gonna take you for everything you've got.Tama: First, I'll take this house's land, title, and seal.Tama: What a great house this is.Sis: Koichi,Sis: is something wrong?Koi: Sis!Koi: Wh-What?!Tama: Earlier, when she brought me tea,I made her spill some on my hand,Tama: and then acted like it really b*rned.She kept apologizing so much.Tama: She was so cute and sexy.Tama: So she's a third-year at a girls' school?Tama: R-Ripe for the picking.Tama: A-A-Awesome!Koi: How dare you?Koi: You won't get away with this! I won't let you!Tama: What?Tama: What's up with that puny egg thing?Tama: What is that?!Koi: Mom, Sis, please leave the room for a while.Mom: Ko, what's happening?Koi: Please, don't ask any questions now.Tama: Hey! K-Keep that thing away from me!Tama: Your mom and sister leaving the roommain: ,doesn't change the fact that th-they're my hostages!Koi: I won't let you harm my mom or sister.Tama: J-Just try it, Koichi! Just try!Koi: Take the locks off of them!Tama: If your mom sees you b*ating the crap out of me,main: ,her guilt is just gonna grow more and more!Koi: I told you to take them off!Tama: Don't underestimate Tamami Kobayashi, you pissy little !Tama: L-Like hell I'll take them off!Gion,Sfx: cr*ck!Tama: Huh? What?Tama: That didn't hurt.Koi: Huh?Smack,Sfx: Smack!Tama: Whoa! What's this?main: ,The sound is impressive, but it's actually super weak!Tama: What is with your Stand?Tama: It doesn't have any speed or power at all!Tama: How dare you scare me like that, you foolishass?!Tama: I'll show you that a Stand's strength comes from how strong you are mentally!Gion - Copy (),Sfx: cr*ck!Tama: Which means your mental strength is zero!Tama: I'm gonna make sure you pay dearly for this!Ko: S-Something strange is going on with his cheek!Koi: "Cr-ack"?Koi: It looks like a manga sound effect.Gion,Sfx: cr*ck!Gion,Sfx: cr*ck!cr*ck!cr*ck!Tama: Wh-What the heck? I hear a weird ringing in my ears!Tama: Like the sound I heard when I got hit...Smack - Copy,Sfx: SmackTama: What is this writing on my arm?!Tama: I-It won't come off!Smack - Copy (),Sfx: Smack!Smack!Smack!Gion,Sfx: cr*ck!cr*ck!cr*ck!Smack__Smack__Sm,Sfx: Smack!Smack!Smack!cr*ck__cr*ck__Cr,Sfx: cr*ck!cr*ck!cr*ck!Tama: W-Wait... Th-These sounds thatI hear coming from inside me...Tama: Your Stand did that?!Tama: ! Get rid of this sound!Crash,Sfx: SmackCrash,Sfx: Boom!Smack__Smack__Sm,SFX: Smack!cr*ck__cr*ck__Cr,SFX: cr*ck!_Boom_,SFX: Boom!Koi: It's the sound.main: ,My Stand makes the sound resonate from inside his body.Koi: C-Come to think of it, there was that famous Basho Matsuo poem I learned at school...So_quiet_and_sti,Sign: So quiet and stillThe shrill of the cicadasSeeps into the rocksKoi: "So quiet and still,Koi: the shrill of the cicadasKoi: seeps into the rocks."Smack__Smack__Sm,Sfx: Smack!cr*ck__cr*ck__Cr,Sfx: cr*ck!_Boom_,Sfx: Boom!Tama: ! I totally fell for it!Koi: If you take the locks off my mom and sister, I'll stop the sound.Koi: If you keep resisting,main: ,even I don't know what will happen to your body.Tama: Stop this sound!Gion - Copy,Sfx: DogyaaKoi: Stop being stubborn and take off those locks!Tama: ! How dare you do this to me?!Smack__Smack__Sm,Sfx: Smack!cr*ck__cr*ck__Cr,Sfx: cr*ck!Boom_,Sfx: Boom!Dogyaa_,Sfx: Dogyaa!Tama: Like I could thr*aten and con if I was afraid of a little brat like you!Tama: The "Tama" in my name means "ballsy"! I'll show you just how ballsy I am!Koi: I'm not scared of some Kn*fe!Tama: Don't take me lightly!main: ,I'll show you how terrifying I can be!Tama: The true fear of the locks!Koi: Ow!Koi: What?!Tama: Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!Tama: Make the cut shallow, and scream like hell!Tama: Toss!Koi: "Toss"?Mom: What was that scream?Sis: What's wrong?Sis: Ko?!Koi: I-It's not what it looks like!Koi: C-Crap!Tama: Yes!Mom: K-Ko! How could you do something so terrifying?!Koi: No, Mom! t's not what it looks like!Sis: No!Koi: Sis!Tama: I win! You lose!Tama: Hurry up and stop this sound, Koichi!Tama: If you don't stop this sound,main: ,your mom won't be able to bear the weight of her guilt.Tama: When humans can't bear the weight of their sins anymore,main: ,they think they'd be better off dead.Mom: I-I can't... anymore!Koi: Mom!Mom: I can't live any longer!Tama: Stop acting tough!main: ,Hurry and stop this sound! Are yougonna let your mom k*ll herself?!Koi: No, I won't stop the sound.Koi: I'll do the opposite, and make more sound!Koi: Believe in me!Believe_in_me_,Sfx: Believe in me!Believe_in_me_: ,Believe in me!Tama: What?!_em_ni_eveileB_,Sfx: !em ni eveileBKoi: Believe in me, Mom!Believe_in_me_,Sfx: Believe in me!Koi: Believe!Koi: Mom!Koi: Believe in me!Believe_in_me_,Sfx: Believe in me!Tama: This is a matter of the soul! Like hell she'll believe you!Koi: Mom...Mom: He's right... If I, his own mother,won't believe in him,Mom: then who will?Mom: Koichi's always been a nice boy.Mom: He would never hurt anyone or take their money.Koi: Yes!Tama: Sh-!Koi: Mom!Tama: D-!Tama: Usually, they'd never believe...main: ,My parents would never believe in me!main: ,Gulp...Tama: It was just a joke!Tama: Ko, it was all just a joke!Koi: Take the lock off my sister, too.Tama: It's already off!Tama: We can't do anything to harm her beauty, right?Tama: I was only kidding about taking your house!Tama: I even gave back your , yen,didn't I? Right? Right?Tama: Please forgive me!I'll do anything, Master Koichi!Koi: What? You'll do anything?Tama: Yes, Master Koichi! Anything! I'll be your underling!Koi: All right, then...Koi: Make sure you bring me five hundred grand by tomorrow.Koi: It's a joke. It's only a little joke.Tama: Th-That didn't sound like a joke!Josu: H-Hey, Okuyasu! What the hell is going on here?Tama: Allow me to carry your bag to school!Koi: You're seriously going to carry it?Tama: But of course!Tama: Master Koichi! You're a true man among men!Koi: Oh, stop it.Josu: Hey, Okuyasu!Oku: Don't ask me! I'm not smart, remember?
03x07 - Toshikazu Hazamada (Surface) / Toshikazu Hazamada (Show Off)QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 19:22Dj: This is Morioh City Radio,and our next segment isDj: "Help Me, Midnight Discussions!"Dj: Our first letter is from "Forever , Pretty Baby."Dj: "Listen to this, Kai.Dj: I was late meeting someone because of that thing again.Dj: Yeah, the one by the station!Dj: The railroad crossing that never lets you through.Dj: Ugh, it just goes ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding... It just needs to shut up!"Dj: Now, calm down, Pretty Baby.Guy: Oh...Title: JoJo's Bizarre AdventureTitle: Diamond is UnbreakableGuy: See ya.Josu: Seriously?Title: Episode   Toshikazu Hazamada (Show Off)Josu: There are Stand users besides us at this school?Tama: Yeah. He's Toshikazu Hazamada,a student in class -C.Tama: This Hazamada guy apparently got intomain: ,an argument over something silly with a friend right around the start of spring.Tama: One of them had insulted the other's favorite idol or anime or something.Tama: That night, surprisingly, the friend he got into the argument withTama: gouged out his own left eye with a mechanical pencil.Tama: Isn't that insane?Tama: Apparently Hazamada's friend said this at the hospital:Tama: "Next thing I knew, I was staring at my left eye, which I'd gouged out, with my right eye."Josu: So you're saying that this guy gouged outmain: ,his left eye using some kind of a Stand?Tama: Could be, but maybe not.Tama: Normal people can't see Stands.Josu: Something about this is really fishy.Tama: What'd you say?!main: ,Josuke, you've got no right to criticize me.Tama: I've got a real job now, y'know!Koi: Huh? You've got a job?Tama: Yes, Master Koichi! I found myself a little job that involves financing.Koi: Financing?Koi: You don't mean you became a loan shark, do you?Tama: Well... It's a very reputable establishment, though!Josu: Still, though, we can't just ignore this.Koi: Wait up, Josuke!Tama: M-Master Koichi!main: ,Are you going, too?Tama: Just leave it to that idiot Josuke.Koi: There's something scary going on in my town.Koi: If Morioh City is in danger, that means my parents, my sister,main: ,and everyone else important to me will have to face that danger.Koi: So even if it's scary, I gotta do something!Tama: Wh...Tama: What a tough thing to say.Tama: Nothing less from the man I've chosen to admire!Tama: But...Tama: I'll be heading home now!Tama: Be safe, Master Koichi!Guy: Yeah, totally.Koi: Looks like he's not in the classroom.Josu: But if that Hazamada guy really did gouge out his friend's eyeJosu: and can still blend into normal school life...Josu: He must be one creepy guy.Hazamada_,Sign: HazamadaKoi: H-Hey, Josuke!Josu: I'm gonna check out his locker. Watch my back, Koichi.Koi: Tell me first before you break it!Josu: For starters... His bag is still here.Josu: So he's still at school. Be careful.Koi: R-Right.Josu: So he's in the tennis club and likes manga.Josu: Still, this guy's got way too much stuff.Josu: I don't think the bow and arrow would be in here, but...Josu: What's this wooden thing?Josu: A Sta—Josu: N-No... This is a physical object.Josu: Is this one of those dolls they sell at art stores for sketching?Josu: It scared me...Koi: Huh?!Koi: What? Why?!Josu: It turned into me when I touched it.Josu: But now we know for sure...Josu: Hazamada is a Stand user!Josu: This is just great. You've got some nerve, turning into me!Fake: You've heard of Perman, right?Koi: I-It talked! It sounds and talks just like him!Fake: You know the copy robot from Perman?Fake: Isn't that thing convenient?Fake: Don't you think it'd be great to have one around?Josu: Hey, Koichi. What is he talking about?main: ,What is Perman?Fake: You haven't heard of Perman?!I can't believe it.main: ,And you call yourself Japanese?Josu: Shut up! I'm the one asking the questions here!Josu: M-My arm!Koi: Josuke!fake: But mine is a copy doll that replicatespeople I don't want around.Fake: Once it copies you, you'llmimic all of its movements.Fake: Which means it's not a puppet,Fake: but a puppet master!Josu: K-Koichi! Move!Glob,Sfx: CrunchJosu: Koichi!Fake: And one rag's been hung out to dry.Fake: Oh, but I'm not the one who did it. The one who did it was you, his friend.Josu: Stuff like thisJosu: pisses me off more than anything.Josu: When you don't do anything yourself,Josu: but use others to do things for you.Josu: That makes me want to kick your ass like nothing else!Fake: That's just great. Tee-hee!Fake: Looks like you're out of range.main: ,If you can't move from that spot,your Stand can't get any closer, either.Fake: Which means if I maintain this distance,Fake: Josuke, you stand no chance against me!fake: This Stand's name is Show Off.fake: By possessing a doll,it has gained a physical form...Fake: Which means even normal people can see it.Josu: Hazamada! You!Fake: My goal is to b*at theout of Jotaro KujoFake: and run him out of this city.Fake: He's got some nerve!main: ,An outsider, coming here and trying to dig up dirt on us...Fake: But I heard that his Star Platinumcan stop time for a second or two.Fake: There's no one in our group that stands a chance against him.Fake: That is, no one besides my Show Off,now that it's copied you, Josuke!Fake: I'll have to knock you out now.Fake: The genuine article would just be in the way.Gion,Sfx: Squish!Fake: Crushed, huh? That's a satisfying sound.Haza: As long as you didn't cut the nerve,you'll be able to see again...Haza: If you're lucky.Fake: Looks like he's gonna be out for a while.main: ,That was super easy.Haza: Hey! Pick up my bag.Haza: We're gonna go straight after Jotaro.Fake: Easy enough.Fake: I'm pretty sure the hotel that Jotaro's staying at is...Gion - Copy (),Sfx: Squish!Gion - Copy () - Copy,Sfx: Squish!Fake: Uh...Haza: The Morioh Grand Hotel.Fake: Yeah, that's the one.Josu: K-Koichi!Josu: Koichi!Koi: J-Josuke, are you okay?Josu: Th-Thanks... But man,you've really got some guts.Josu: Even though you're hurt, you managed to use your Stand to trick him.Koi: What are you talking about?Koi: That's only because,Koi: as soon as I got hit, you fixed my broken bones with Shining Diamond.Koi: And, uh...Koi: I'd appreciate it if you could fix the injuries I got from breaking downmain: ,the door and window right after that, too.Josu: R-Right!Lady: Hello, this is the Morioh Grand Hotel.Josu: Oh, uh, could you put me through to Jotaro Kujo in Room ?Lady: Certainly.Koi: Ugh! We have to hurry up and tell Jotaro about that Stand!Lady: Thank you for waiting.Lady: The line for Room  is currently in use.Lady: Please wait until the current call is completed.Josu: The line's in use?Koi: What?!Josu: Of course! It must've been the copy!Josu: It called him before I did!Jojo: Are you certain, Josuke?main: ,There's another Stand user at your school?Fake: Yup! I'll tell you the details at Morioh Station.Fake: Please come to the station plaza.Fake: You should be able to get there in fifteen minutes.Jojo: All right. In front of the station in fifteen minutes.Fake: Too easy.Josu: I-It's no use! He's not answering.Koi: He must have left the room.main: ,They must have lured him out to meet them somewhere!Josu: ! We're just gonna have to go after the copy!Koi: I really couldn't tell the difference between you and the copy.Josu: Yeah. What really creeped me outJosu: wasn't when I saw its face.It was the fingers.Josu: You see your fingers more often every day than your face, right?Josu: I could tell that it had copied me right down to my fingerprints.Tama: Oh!Tama: Josuke, you're early.Tama: Where's Master Koichi?Tama: H-Hazamada?!Tama: What are you doing here?Haza: Tamami Kobayashi?Fake: You don't know why we're together?Tama: N-No, I don't...Fake: No idea at all?Tama: No idea! Why?!Fake: Then...Fake: Good!Jojo: Hurry, please.Josu: We've got to hurry and catch up with Hazamada,main: ,or Jotaro's gonna be in trouble!Signtop: ShSigntop: ShowSigntop: Show OSigntop: Show OffSignbot: ToshiSignbot: ToshikazuSignbot: Toshikazu HazaSignbot: Toshikazu Hazamada_Minutes_Left_U,Sign: _Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Mi_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minu_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Le_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Un_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Until_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Until the_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Until the Me_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Until the Meet_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Until the MeetingKoi: There'll be trouble if Jotaro meets the copy!top: ,It'll definitely be bad!Josu: Yeah.Josu: I don't know what we should do,but we need to catch up!Girl: Bye-bye, Josuke!Girl: See you tomorrow!Girl: Bye!Girl: Josuke!Girl: Bye, Josuke!Haza: Why are you theonly one they say goodbye to?Haza: I've never had anyone say that to me.Haza: All the girls in this school are ugly, anyhow.Girl: Josuke...Girl: Hey, read this.Girl: B-Bye.Haza: Why did you accept that?Rip this stupid thing up!Haza:  it... What is the difference between you and me?Fake: Why does that even matter?Haza: Wha...Fake: You don't have any time to waste, do you?Haza: Who do you think you're talking to?!Haza: Ow!Fake: You scraped your hand? That was foolish.Fake: I'm made of wood, remember?Haza: Shut up! Get away from me!Haza:  it, I'm getting annoyed.Haza: It's my own Stand, but this happens every time.Haza: The other day, I had it copy my crush, Junko,Haza: but I got annoyed because it kept doing things to piss me off,Haza: so I never even got anywhere.Haza: Doesn't anyone in this world havea decent personality? !Haza: That stupid Josuke!Haza: I'll hurry up and take care of Jotaro first,Haza: then I'll crush him to bits!Haza: I can't wait!Bike: My bike!Bike: It's dirty.Bike:  it, that foolishass! I'll k*ll him!Bike: Hey, it's not like he meant it. And he'll hear you.Bike: Like I care! That's exactly why I said it.Bike: Wobbling around like that...Bike: Man, he looks like a dying cricket.Bike: That's a good metaphor! I like it!Bike: Yeah? It was a good description, huh?Bike: Huh? What?Haza: Hold him, Show Off.Haza: I'll carve him up myself.Bike: Wh-What are you doing?Hza: You don't have to worry about that.Haza: I'm just going to make suremain: ,that you'll never be able to open your mouth again.Bike: S-Stop!Haza: A shard of glass?Haza: J-Josuke Higashikata?!Haza: Why... And the shrimp, too?main: ,Hazamada!Josu: We finally caught up with you, assh*le!Haza: But did you already forget?Haza: When you come face to face with Show Off, you become a puppet, Josuke!Haza: Control him, Show Off!Koi: Don't be so sure about that.Haza: Wha... That shape...Josu: I didn't throw that shard to hit you.Josu: I threw it so I could put it back in its original form!Smack,Sfx: SwooshFake: M-My right hand!Fake: It turned back into wood!Fake: This isn't good, Hazamada!Haza: Calm down!main: ,Just pretend you have your hand in your pocket!Haza: No one will notice!Haza: The real problem isHaza: that Jotaro should arrive at the station soon!Haza: I'm shocked that Josuke was safe,Haza: but let's give up on b*ating him right now!Fake: H-Hazamada! Wait for me!Josu: I see...main: ,So they're meeting him in front of the station.Koi: J-Josuke, we have no time to waste!Koi: The way they went is the fastest way to get to the station!Josu: And that's why I've got you, Koichi.Jojo: Looks like Josuke's not here yet.Haza: Can you see Josuke anywhere?Fake: Nope.Fake: If I see any sign of him, I'll just take control of him.Fake: Don't worry!Crash,Sfx: Ding Ding Ding DingFake: Hazamada! A train's coming through.haza: The railroad crossing that never lets you through!haza: We'll have to wait a minute or two...haza: All right. We'll go through the station building.Emergency_Stop__,Sign top: EmergencyStopButtonNo_Crossing,Sign bot: No CrossingHaza: Even if he catches up with us, the train will stall Josuke!Fake: Just one more minute!main: ,I'll head over to the meeting spot first!Haza: I won!Haza: Huh?Haza: That's Josuke!Haza: Wh-What happened to the train?!Haza: Why's the crossing open?!Fake: Hazamada, look!Haza: Wh-What is that Stand?!Crash,Sfx: Ding Ding Ding DingJosu: That was great! You see? That's why I said I've got you.Oi: Ah! There he is!Josu: J-Jotaro! It's me, Josuke!Jojo: Hey.Koi: We made it in time!Koi: We got Hazamada good, didn't we, Josuke?Jojo: Did something happen?Jojo: A copy?Jojo: A Stand that copied you down to your fingerprints?Josu: That's right!main: ,There would have been trouble if he'd gotten here before me.Koi: But now we can relax.Josu: That copy villain is missing his right hand, so it'll be easy.Josu: I blew off his right hand.Josu: Use that to tell us apart.Jojo: All right.Koi: They should get here at any moment.Josu: Huh? Why do I have this thing?Josu: Why did I get a pen out of Jotaro's pocket?Josu: I-I can't move!internal/narrator: ,My arm just stopped moving on its own.Josu: O-On the other side of the glass...internal/narrator: ,Th-That's...Haza: Josuke Higashikata...Haza: You're gonna s*ab Jotaro in the head with that pen and k*ll him instantly.Haza: After all, if his death isn't instant,your Shining Diamond will just fix him.Haza: Josuke! This is your fault for getting outta line!Haza: I was just gonna halfway k*ll Jotaro to chase him out of town.Haza: But now you're the one who'll k*ll Jotaro!Haza: It'll be all your fault!Haza: Now! Let him have it, Show Off!Josu: J-Jotaro...Bike: You!Jojo: Something wrong, Josuke?Josu: Huh? No...Josu: Looks like those guys finally found Hazamada.Bike: You little !Bike: You were just across the pedestrian bridge at the station, just like that Josuke said.Bike: He's a great guy.Bike: He treated our wounds, and I'm not even sure how, but they're all better!Bike: I'll make sure I pay you back in full for earlier.Bike: Let's take a little trip behind the restroom.Josu: That Stand is pretty terrifying if it catches you.Josu: Well, I guess I'll break this doll now.Josu: It'll make me feel better.Nar: Meanwhile, unknown to anyone else,Nar: Tamami was admitted to the hospital.Chili: What a fool!Chili: Well, you have my condolences.
03x08 - Yukako Yamagishi Falls in Love, Part 1QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 19:22Oku: So that guy, Hazamada, saysOku: he doesn't know anything about the electric villainOku: that k*lled my big bro?Josu: Yeah. He said he's only ever talked to him on the phone.Oku: And you believed him, Josuke? Did you t*rture him?Josu: If Hazamada actually knew who that guy was,Josu: he would probably havealready come to silence him.Oku: R-Right... Just like my big bro.Josu: Yeah. Seeing as how Hazamada is alive,that proves he really doesn't know.Josu: But Hazamada did say this...Haza: Stand users, for some reason, seem to be unknowingly drawn to one another,flashback: ,even if they don't know each other.Haza: They say that you're bound to the person that you're goingflashback: ,to marry by the red string of fate, right?Haza: It's sort of like that.flashback: ,You just end up eventually meeting them.Haza: They might be an enemy, a friend, the guy who steps on your foot on the bus,Haza: or someone who just moved in next door.Haza: You just don't know.Haza: Morioh's not very big...flashback: ,I don't know how many Stand users are in this town right now,Haza: but no matter how they try to hide, they'll eventually show themselves.Haza: He knows that's going to happen eventually.Haza: He wants you to disappear.Oku:  it.Oku: What a coward.Oku: He needs to att*ck us already!Josu: But that also means that he's cautious.Josu: When guys like that att*ck,Josu: it's probably only when they're certain they're going to win.Oku: Oh?Oku: Hey, that's Koichi.Josu: Why's he trying to act all cool, drinking tea?Oku: Hey, Ko—Oku: What?!Oku: A... A girl?!Title: JoJo's Bizarre AdventureTitle: Diamond is UnbreakableTitle: Episode   Yukako Yamagishi Falls in Love, Part Yuka: Koichi, was me asking you to come here, um...Yuka: a bother?Koi: Huh? No, it's not a bother...Koi: But I was wondering what you needed.Josu: Wow, so Koichi's with a girl...Oku: That chick's in my class! Her name is Yukako Yamagishi.Oku: All right! Let's get a bit closer!Koi: If you wanted to see my notes on some homework,main: ,my grades aren't that good, and my handwriting's messy.Koi: If it's money, I can probably manage about , yen...Koi: Or did you want me to switch weekly duties with you?Yuka: That's not what this is about.Koi: Huh? It's not? Then what is it?Koi: If you need someone to take in a kitten or a puppy,Koi: we've already got a foolish dog named Police at home.Yuka: Koichi!Yuka: I'm just going to come out and say it.Yuka: Koichi...Yuka: I'm in love with you, Koichi.Koi: Huh?Oku: What?!Koi: U-Um... Uh, um... Wh-What?!Yuka: You're the only thing I think about all day, Koichi.Yuka: I've been so afraid to express these feelings...Yuka: But if I don't, I feel like my chest is going to burst.Yuka: I don't mind if you hate me.main: ,I just thought I'd be brave and tell you.Koi: Wh-What is going on? Did someone just confess her love to me?!Koi: To me?!Koi: I can't believe it, but she did just say that, right?Koi: I-I'm so happy...Oku: Why is it Koichi? You can't be serious! Come on!Oku: Even I've never had anyone tell me that!Josu: You don't have to cry about it.Josu: But seriously? I'm surprised, Koichi...Yuka: I'm sure that you must have a girlfriend, Koichi...Koi: Huh? I-I don't...Koi: But, um... Are you making fun of me?Yuka: I'm serious!Yuka: Koichi, your face has gotten sharper lately.Yuka: You look like a man with courage and conviction.Yuka: But you're also so cute when you smile.Josu: Yeah, she's definitely got a point.Oku: My face is pretty sharp too, isn't it?Yuka: I think the best thing about a man is his future.Yuka: And Koichi, your future is shining.Koi: Wh-When you speak that highly of me...Yuka: I'm sure you must hate girls like me that aren't cute.Koi: Huh? Not cute? That's not true...Oku:  it, she is cute!Oku: Just say yes already!main: ,That one has all the luck!Yuka: Do you hate me?Koi: Huh? Uh, n-no, I don't, but...Yuka: Then do you love me?Koi: Huh? Wait a sec... It's just that, um...Yuka: So you do hate me...Koi: Huh? That's not it!main: ,It's just, when you ask me that so suddenly—Yuka: Which is it?! Do you love me or don't you?!Yuka: Just answer me already!I've already told you so much!Yuka: I spilled my coffee! This is all your fault!Yuka: Um... I just got all worked up...I-I'm sorry. I'm just...Yuka: By the way, you will come see me again, right?Oku: Y-You know... I feel like a balloon that's been deflated.Oku: All my jealousy just flew away somewhere.Josu: Y-Yeah...Josu: Let's just pretend we never saw anything.main: ,Yeah.Koi: What's wrong with this cola?!Koi: Th-Th-There's so much... hair in it!Josu: Stand users are drawn to one another...Josu: Nah, it couldn't be.Chemistry_Lab,Sign: Chemistry LabYuka: It's me, Koichi.Koi: Y-Yukako!Yuka: What are you doing?Koi: Um, as you can see,it's my turn to clean the lab.Koi: Fourth period was chemistry lab.Yuka: Ah...Yuka: Koichi...Uka: I said some weird things yesterday.Yuka: Would you just forget all that?Yuka: I get that way when I think too hard.It's so embarrassing.Yuka: People are supposed to be more broad-minded.Koi: Uh, r-right...Koi: It was a little surprising,b-but I didn't think anything of it...Yuka: Will you still be friends with me?Koi: O-Of course! I would be honored, yes!Yuka: Thank goodness.Yuka: I was so worried about what I'd do if you hated me,main: ,I couldn't sleep all night.Koi: That's a bit dramatic.Yuka: And to make it up to you... Here.Yuka: I was up until this morning knitting this for you, Koichi.Yuka: Thank goodness! It's a perfect fit!Yuka: I knew your height and chest size, butI was worried how it would fit your shoulders.Charm,Sign: CharmYuka: I made you a good luck charm, too...Yuka: In hopes that you'll find a wonderful love.Yuka: I also prepared lunch so we could eat it together...Yuka: I bought this shrimp at the fish market this morning.Yuka: You can't find this freshness at a store.Yuka: See this flounder meuniere?main: ,I personally took out all of the bones, one by one, with tweezers.Yuka: Here. Say, "Ah."Yuka: Ahh...Koi: There's one thing I know now...Koi: Yukako Yamagishi, to be completely honest, is extremely strange!Yuka: Ahh...Koi: I have to hurry up and turn her down!internal/narrator: ,B-But if I eat this, it'll be like saying yes...main: ,Ahh!Koi: But if I refuse it, she'll probably get mad.Koi: What should I do?!Girl: Hirose!Girl: Why are you wasting time?Girl: You need to hurry up and throw this garbage away before class starts.Koi: I-I'm saved!Koi: R-Right! Right!Koi: I-I'd better go throw it away.girl: Ugh, you're useless.Girl: Here, give me that.Girl: I'll hold half of it for you.Koi: Huh? N-No, I'd feel bad...Girl: Just give it to me!Girl: I'm the class rep, so I'm the one who'll get yelled at.main: ,Ah!Koi: S-Sorry...Yuka: Hey, you.Yuka: Would you stop bothering Koichi?Girl: Koichi? You mean Koichi Hirose?Girl: I haven't the slightest idea what you're talking about.Yuka: I know what you're doing.main: ,The stench of a homewrecker is all over you.Girl: Homewrecker?! What are you talking about?Yuka: Listen well. If you ever come close to Koichi again,Yuka: I'll make sure you regret it.Girl: Just one second.Girl: I tried to be classy about this, but...Girl: Koichi Hirose?Girl: I couldn't care less about him!Girl: You have no right to tell me what the hell I can or can't do!Girl: foolishass!Girl: Ow!Girl: What was that?Girl: What is her problem?!Girl: She's not right in the head. She actually likes Hirose?Girl: Hmph. Hilarious. I'll tell the whole school!Girl: Huh?Girl: What is that?Girl: Something's hot... Something's wrong.main: ,Something's not right...Girl: It's insanely hot...Girl: W-Water!Girl: S-Someone! I need w-wa...Oku: Hey, Josuke...Oku: Looks like Yukako Yamagishi really was a Stand user.Oku: Her Stand has hair that moves.Josu: Yeah. But it doesn't seem like she'san enemy, or going to att*ck Koichi.Josu: By the way, Okuyasu, what are you gonna do about her hair?Josu: I can't fix something after your The Hand takes it away.Oku: She can't complain. I saved her from getting burnt to a crisp.Oku: Sorry, but I'm not a beautician.Signtop: ReSigntop: RevSigntop: ReverSigntop: ReverbSignbot: KoSignbot: KoichiSignbot: Koichi HiroSignbot: Koichi HiroseKoi: What am I gonna do?Year_____Englis,Sign: Year     English Exam    Answer SheetQuiz________Koi,Sign: Quiz      Koichi HiroseKoi: This is my English test from earlier.Koi: I'm worrying so much about Yukako,I can't concentrate on anything else.Oku: Even I did better! I only got  points, though.Koi: To be honest, I was a little happy at first.Koi: I'd never had a girl tell me she loved me before.Oku: I get that. I totally get that! So much it hurts!Koi: But I'm the one who let it come to this by not being up-front with her.Koi: I'm thinking about telling her straightKoi: that I don't like her or anything, so she needs to leave me alone.Josu: That's not a good idea, Koichi.Josu: If you say that, you're only going to add fuel to the flames of Yukako's passion.Josu: You'll piss her off.Koi: Y-You think so?Josu: Of course! Listen.main: ,Convincing Yukako Yamagishi not to use her Stand of hair for evil will have to wait.Josu: Right now, we have to figure out how to make her not hate you.Koi: But how?Josu: No matter how strongly she feels about you,Josu: if she gets an idea in her head that you're a disenchanting, horrible, boring guy,Josu: everything will be happily ever after, right?Koi: Y-Yeah...Josu: So you've just got to act thatway on purpose in front of her.Oku: Yeah, that totally makes sense!Oku: You're so smart, Josuke.Josu: Thanks!Josu: But hearing that from you doesn't make me feel better.Koi: I wonder what I need to do to make Yukako think I'm terrible.Josu: Well, most girls aren't intobad hygiene or mama's boys.Koi: I-I don't want her to think I'm a mama's boy!Koi: She might get mad at mymom and put her in danger!Oku: Then it's bad hygiene for you!Oku: Starting today, no more baths.Koi: Huh?!Josu: Yeah, and don't brush your teethor change your underwear.Oku: How about getting some lice or spiders in your hair?Josu: Having smelly socks is pretty bad.Oku: Maybe you should fart everywhere.Josu: Yeah, she'll totally hate that!Koi: Stop messing around! I'm serious about this!Oku: I'm being serious, too!main: ,You need a snotty nose and some drool, too.Koi: What?!Josu: If you don't want to do that, then you need to become a guymain: ,who seems like he doesn't have a future.Josu: You need to make her give up on you.Josu: We'll help you out. All right?Koi: Okay...Josu: What? Koichi Hirose did that? Unbelievable!Josu: He was really shoplifting? That's awful.Oku: Yeah! Koichi said so himself.Oku: He was talking about it like he was proud of it.Josu: You know what else?Koichi never keeps his promises.Josu: I lent him money, and he never paid me back.Oku: He cheats on his testsand steals girls' underwear.Oku: He's got no future. He's gonna bring about his own downfall.Josu: I'm gonna stop hanging out with him.Oku: I'll cut ties with him, too.Oku: Man, that girl is intense.Josu: Now as long as Koichi confirms he did all of this stuff by tomorrow,Josu: she'll give up.Koi: Josuke, Okuyasu...Koi: I hope they did a good job with all that stuff.Koi: I hope she actually gives up on me.Koi: What is that?Koi: My eyes are closed... Is this a dream?Koi: A woman?Koi: I-It's Yukako!Koi: I can't believe this. She's even showing up in my dreams...Koi: I can't rest at all!Yuka: It appears that your friends don't think too highly of you, Koichi.Yuka: But don't worry. You have me.Yuka: I'll properly discipline you and make you into a fine man.Yuka: You have something that other men don't.Yuka: You must live up to that potential.Koi: J-Josuke! This totally backfired!Koi: Where am I?Yuka: Koichi, are you hungry?Yuka: Breakfast will be ready shortly.Koi: O-Okay...Koi: She has that hair Stand...Koi: I'm going to have to wait for a chance to run.Koi: That's my only hope!Koi: Th-There's something I want to ask you.Yuka: Yes?Koi: Your hair last night... Wh-What was that?Yuka: Did that startle you?Yuka: Of course. I guess anyone who suddenly saw that would be.Yuka: Around February of this year,Yuka: someone sh*t an arrow through my chest.Yuka: No, that might have been a dream.Yuka: When I woke up, my wound was healed, and I was able to do that...Koi: Keicho Nijimura!koi: D-Do you know anyone else who can do anything like that?Yuka: No.Koi: She hasn't realized that I'm a Stand user!Yuka: Now, have a seat. You're a growing boy.Yuka: If you don't get proper nourishment,Yuka: you can't become a fine man for me.Koi: I-I just need to play along with her for now.Koi: Wow, this looks delicious! I'm digging in!Yuka: You're not eating just yet, Koichi.English_Exam____,Sign: English Exam    Answer SheetKoichi_Hirose,Sign: Koichi HiroseYuka: You got a  on your English exam.Yuka: Even if a man is more than just his brains, this is just awful.Yuka: I've decided to have you study while you eat.Yuka: Understand?Yuka: I'm going to give you some questions.Yuka: You'll choose the correct answer from boxes A, B, and C,main: ,and you'll eat what's inside your chosen box.Koi: W-Wait a sec...Yuka: You're going to do this!main: ,While you live in this house, everything we do must be for your betterment!Yuka: Right?Yuka: Here's your question.Yuka: Prince often sings the lyric "funky music." What does that mean in Japanese?Wild_Music,Sign: Wild MusicYuka: A: Wild music.Yuka: B: Primitive music.Primeval_Music,Sign: Primitive MusicYuka: C: Fantasy music.Fantasy_Music,Sign: Fantasy MusicKoi: I-If I disobey, I'll be in trouble...internal/narrator: ,B-But I have no idea what the answer is.Koi: I have a feeling it's A,but B and C also sound right.Koi: Whatever, I'll just pick one.Koi: I think it's B...Yuka: Squee! You're right!Yuka: I'm so happy! This box contains boiled eggs!Uka: I'll peel them for you. You want some salt, right?Yuka: By the way, if you had chosen box A, I would have had you eat this eraser.Wild_Music,Sign: Wild MusicKoi: Huh?!Yuka: Box C contained soap.Koi: Wh-What?!Yuka: Next, you'll be able to eat bacon and eggs. Do your best.Yuka: Question:  How is "contrast" (taisho) written in Japanese?Yuka: Is it taisho A, taisho B, or taisho C?Missing_Missing_,Sign: TaishoMissing_Missing_,Sign: TaishoMissing_Missing_,Sign: TaishoKoi: Sh-She's serious...Koi: If I choose the wrong box, she'll definitely make me eat what's in there...Yuka: Come on, hurry up and answer!Yuka: The food will get cold.Koi: U-Um, uh...Koi: What am I going to do? This is ridiculous...Koi: I-I think it's C...Yuka: Koichi, you just chose your answer bywatching the look on my face, didn't you?Koi: Huh?!Yuka: So the rumors about you being someonemain: ,who's sneaky and shoplifts and cheats on his tests is true!Yuka: As punishment, I'll have you eat both A and B.Yuka: A is English vocabulary corn flakes.Yuka: B is asparagus wrapped in pages from an English dictionary.Yuka: I'm going to make sure you learn while you eat!Yuka: Here!Yuka: Open your mouth! I'll feed it to you.Yuka: What's the matter? Eat!Koi: No way! You expect me to put up with this?! I can't take it anymore!Koi: I'm outta here!Koi: I-I'm being pulled! By my scalp!Koi: Th-There's moving hair mixed in!Yuka: That's right. I had planted a few hundred strands of my hair in your scalp.Yuka: Koichi,Yuka: you may come to hate me.Yuka: But once you leave this house,main: ,you'll see a much better man in the mirror,Yuka: and I know you'll thank me.Yuka: You'll realize that you need a woman like me in your life.Yuka: You won't be able to live without Yukako Yamagishi.Yuka: And just so you know, until you finish eating plates A and B,Yuka: you won't be getting the next dish.Yuka: This is some company president's holiday villa.main: ,No one will come here until summer.Koi: S-Summer?!Yuka: Even then,Yuka: it doesn't matter if anyone comes...Yuka: Because love is invincible.Koi: H-Help me!
03x09 - Yukako Yamagishi Falls in Love, Part 2QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 19:23Oku: Hey, apparently Koichi's family doesn't know, either.Oku: They were talking about possibly calling the police.Josu: So he is missing. And since Yukako isn't here, either...Oku: I sort of feel responsible.Oku: You don't think he's dead, do you?Josu: Nah, I doubt she's gone that far yet.main: ,She must be keeping him somewhere.Josu: We need to find him, and fast.Josu: This might end up being a life or death situation.Koi: It won't open!Koi: This is awful!Q___What_year_di,Sign: Q.What year did Columbusdiscover the new continent?The answer is the lock's combination.Koi: It was also a movie title, wasn't it?Koi: But it looked really long, so I didn't watch it.Koi: I've almost got it...Koi: , , , ...Koi: Um...Title: JoJo's Bizarre AdventureTitle: Diamond is UnbreakableTitle: Episode   Yukako Yamagishi Falls in Love, Part Yuka: I washed your underwear and your pajama pants for you.Yuka: What's wrong?Yuka: I won't know if you don't say anything.Koi: I-I'm a first-year in high school...main: ,This is just the worst.Koi: This goes beyond being embarrassed.I feel like an awful human being.Koi: Please, stop this already.Koi: You hate me now, don't you?Koi: You think I'm pathetic, don't you?Koi: Just let me go home already.Koi: What could you possibly like about me, after I peed my pants?Yuka: Oh, you poor thing, Koichi.Yuka: I must be tormenting your heart.Yuka: I'm a bad girl.Koi: Nothing I say does any good!Koi: I-I can feel tears starting to well up...Koi: First I wet my pants, and now I'm getting wet with tears?Yuka: But Koichi...Yuka: After saying that you're an awful human being,Yuka: I can see something shining, something invigorating, deep in your eyes.Yuka: Like you still have a Tr*mp card hidden up your sleeve.Yuka: That's what I like about you.Yuka: I would love to see what that is.Yuka: And if it belongs to someone you love,main: ,there's nothing wrong with even poop or snot, right?Yuka: It's strange that you'd even worry.Yuka: I felt true bliss while I was washing your pants.Yuka: Look!Yuka: I'm working on a chair that has electricity running through it.Yuka: I'll make sure it's done by dinner study time.Yuka: I'm thinking about making Italian for dinner.Yuka: I should go buy some olive oil.Yuka: Look forward to it.Koi: H-Help me!Koi: She's just getting worse!internal/narrator: ,I have to hurry and escape,Koi: o-or she's seriously going to k*ll me!Koi: But...Koi: How am I going to escape?Oku: Koichi's got Reverb, though.Oku: With that thing, he can still call for help even if he's being gagged, right?Josu: But Reverb's range is about  meters.Josu: He might've been taken to a place where no one else lives nearby.Oku: There are tons of places like that.Koi: Wait!Koi: She said she was going to buy some olive oil.Koi: But I can't imagine her going out shopping in this situation.Koi: Is she going to order by phone, then?Koi: Could it be...Koi: There it is! A pay phone!Koi:  meters! Yes!Koi: It's just within my range!Oi: Reverb is a sound Stand!Koi: Now I can signal Josuke for help.Koi: I don't have any  yen coins!Koi: I was wearing pajamas when I was brought here.Koi: Should I dial ?Koi: But that woman might actually k*ll the police.Koi: I'm just going to have tocontact Josuke somehow!Yuka: You were wondering if there was a pay phone nearby, weren't you?Koi: Y-Yukako...Yua: I know exactly what you're thinking.Yuka: You heard me say that I was going to get some olive oil,main: ,so there must be a pay phone nearby.Yuka: But even if you were to get to it, you don't have any  yen coins.Yuka: That's what you were thinking, right?Koi: I-Is there a pay phone?Yuka: Hmph. Playing foolish, I see.Yuka: You should abandon the idea of trying to call someone.Yuka: You wont be able to setfoot outside of this house.Yuka: Just in case, I'm going to go destroy the  button on the phone.Yuka: Is there anything that you'd like?Koi: N-No, not really...Koi: Wh-What is wrong with her?!Koi: I guess it's no use... I can't contact anyone...Beep_Boop_Beep_B,Sfx: BeepBoopBeepBoopBeepYuka: What are these letters?Yuka: There's suddenly sound coming from my hand...Yuka: It's calling somewhere!Yuka: I haven't even dialed the phone number yet.Josu: Hello? This is Higashikata.Koi: It connected!Koi: As long as the call sounds go through, calls on those phones will be connected.Josu: Hello, is this Koichi? Hey! It's me, Josuke!Josu: Koichi, where are you?Josu: What? I can hear the sound of waves...Yuka: Koichi, you...Yuka: You have a power like I do, don't you?Koi: Yes! Now Josuke will definitely come here!Koi: It'll only take  to  minutes by car.Koi: I just have to survive until then!Koi: N-No matter what!Josu: The sound of waves... A pay phone...Josu: The place Koichi is...Josu: It's gotta be here!Yuka: Koichi.Yuka: Koichi!Koi: She's coming back!main: ,I-I've got no choice but to fight!Yuka: Open the door, Koichi.Koi: Wh-Why don't you just break the door down?Koi: If Josuke sees a broken door, he'll definitely think something's wrong.Yuka: I'm very happy right now.Yuka: I'm so happy that you have powers like I do, Koichi.Yuka: Though it pisses me off that you were hiding that from me.Yuka: But I'm still very happy.Yuka: Because the most important thing for a man and a woman living togetherYuka: is love, and having the same goals and values, right?Yuka: We have something in common that no one else has.Yuka: We have the ultimate compatibility.Yuka: So please, Koichi...Yuka: Open the door.Yuka: I told you to open the door. Hurry up and open the door!I_hate_you,Sign: I hate youI_hate_you,Sign: I hate youReve: I hate you! I hate you! I hate you!I hate you! I hate you!Koi: Th-The ultimate compatibility?!top: ,I hate you! I hate you! I hate you!I hate you! I hate you!main: ,Can't you tell how much I don't want to be here?!Koi: That sound won't go away until you cry, apologize, and give up on me.Yuka: What is this? I don't hear any of this.Reve: I hate you—Koi: Huh?!Koi: Th-This is...Koi: nothing like that time with Tamami.Koi: Her delusions are way too strong!Koi: I had no idea sh-she'd be this stubborn...Yuka: I finally found out that we've been bound by the onemain: ,and only red thread in this world.Yuka: Some people never find it at all.Yuka: Don't you understand how wonderful that is?Yuka: Koichi...Yuka: I was going to try to make you into a fine man,Yuka: but now things are different.Yuka: I won't let you leave this houseuntil you fall in love with me.Yuka: I will make you love me!Yuka: Or else...Yuka: I might just k*ll you.Koi: I can't let her in here, no matter what...Koi: I need to att*ck her with Reverb one more time!Koi: If I try harder, I'll be able to produce a louder sound than before.Koi: Reverb!Koi: Something's wrong with Reverb...Koi: Reverb!Koi: It's not moving!Koi: D-Did it die?Koi: Did my Stand die of utter despair?Koi: Reverb is dead!Signtop: ReSigntop: RevSigntop: ReverSigntop: ReverbSignbot: KoSignbot: KoichiSignbot: Koichi HiroSignbot: Koichi HiroseKoi: N-No! M-My...Oi: My Reverb isn't moving at all!Oi: Stands use mental ability to move.Koi: I pushed it too far, and then it got too worked up and d*ed!Koi: My Reverb...Yuka: What?!Yuka: Wh-What is that?Yuka: It's called a "Stand"?Yuka: What is that Stand?Yuka: This shoe cabinet is in my way!Koi: I-I'm going to be k*lled!Koi: If she comes in the door and catches me,then sooner or later, I'll be k*lled!Yuka: Open up, Koichi!Koi: Don't come through that door!Koi: If only that door would blow her far away...Yuka: It's gone! It's just an empty shell.Yuka: Where did you put it?Koi: Huh?Yuka: I'm asking what happened to the thing inside that!Koi: Huh?!Yuka: Th...Koi: That's...Koi: Wh-What is this? My ReverbKoi: i-isn't dead!Koi: Did it emerge from its oldshell into a new form?Yuka: What is this?Yuka: The design's only changed a little, and it shrank.Yuka: Just changing its shape won't make any difference!Koi: I-It's fast!Yuka: Wh-What isYuka: this wind?!Bam,Sfx: BamKoi: Sh-She got blown away!Koi: I'm not sure how, but she just got blown away by something like wind!Yuka: Wh-What just...Yuka: happened to me?Koi: Reverb's letters are on the door...Fwoosh,Sfx: FwooshFwoosh,Sfx: FwooshKoi: Because she touched the door with these words on it, they became real.Fwoosh,Sfx: FwooshKoi: The sensation of "Fwoosh"actually blew her away.Koi: Earlier, I wished this door would blow her away...Koi: I guess I was unknowingly controlling it.Koi: This is the new Reverb!Koi: Reverb Act !Yuka: Koichi...Teioh,Sign: TeiohYuka: It's those two...Josu: If it's a place near the sea with a lot of uninhabited houses,main: ,it has to be this area with all the villas.Oku: But there are, like, dozens of villas around here.Oku: We can't tell which one it is.Josu: We have to find the pay phone!Koichi called us from one.Josu: Let's find the pay phone first andthen look at the houses near it.Oku: Yeah.Yuka: Cute little Koichi belongs to me.Yuka: I won't let anyone else have him.Koi: You probably shouldn't come any closer, Yukako.Koi: I can tell for myselfmain: ,that you can't b*at my Reverb Act 's abilities.Koi: You won't be able to keep me here.Yuka: My left eyelid is starting to twitch.Yuka: Ever since I was little,my orbicularis oculi muscle wouldmain: ,start twitching when I got worked up,Yuka: and I'd start to feel a bit violent.Yuka: Don't you get up on your high horse just becausemain: ,you've obtained a slightly different ability!Yuka: I'm going to have to get violent now!Yuka: Hot!Yuka: H-How dare you?!Yuka: My hand got burnt! You little !Koi: When you said you were going to get violent,main: ,did you mean how you're talking right now?Yuka: How dare you do this to me?!main: ,You're just a baby chick!Yuka: You belong to me!Yuka: You belong to me, but you dare defy me?!Yuka: Even though you belong to me?!Koi: Reverb Act !Koi: I missed?Oku: Hey, Josuke.Josu: I heard it.main: ,That was the sound of something breaking.Oku: Hey, I think it's that house.Koi: T-To think that her hairwould grow this much...main: ,Her mental ability is too strong.Koi: Mental ability that's completely black and vindictive...Yuka: Was yours called Reverb?Yuka: Now that I know what it does,it's not impressive at all.Yuka: I just need to make sure I don'ttouch those letters, right?Yuka: By the way, I'll ask you one more time...Yuka: You love me, right?Yuka: Just try to say that you don't love me.Yuka: I'll rip you and this houseapart right here, right now.Yuka: If you die, you'll be mine forever,Yuka: because you'll live on in my heart as a memory forever.Yuka: Hurry up and answer me!Koi: I'm in this mess right now becausemain: ,you wouldn't understand when I told you.Koi: I've been telling you that I don't like youKoi: all this time.Yuka: I'll k*ll you, Koichi!Dogon,Sfx: DogonKoi: I've also already told youKoi: that you won't be able to catch me.Koi: You've touched the letters that will blow you away.Koi: Those letters are on me,the one you called a .Koi: Her hair turned white!Koi: She's not dead, is she?Koi: She's alive!Koi: Even though she's crazy and downright nasty,Koi: I suppose I should be happy about this.Yuka: I wasn't able to catch you...Yuka: But I figured out that all I need to do is destroy your Stand!Yuka: Impudent brat!Yuka: foolishass!Koi: I-I can't believe you can still att*ck...Koi: Your mental ability is insane!Yuka: Shut up!Yuka: How dare you, you little pissy-pants?!Yuka: How dare you do this to me?!Yuka: My precious hair turned white,Yuka: you limp-dicked villain!Yuka: I loved you!Yuka: But I can't forgive you for doing this to my beautiful hair!Yuka: I don't care who you are! I won't forgive you if you harm my beauty!Yuka: I'm gonna rip off this pissy-pants' little dickand pull out his organs along with it!Koi: S-Stop...Yuka: Shut up!main: ,You're gonna end up like that, too, aren't you?!Yuka: What? What was that noise just now?Kkoi: Let go of my Reverb and grab hold of something.main: ,The cliff is going to crumble.Koi: When Reverb heard the sound of your heart,main: ,it also heard the sound of the ground cracking.Yuka: Hah! Don't make upjust because you think it'll save you!Yuka: I have to let go of this thing and grab on to something!Yuka: !Yuka: I-I don't have... time!Boingy_Boing,Sfx: Boingy-BoingBoingy_Boing,Sfx: Boingy-BoingKoi: It crumbled, just like I said, right?Koi: But you don't understand anything I say, do you?Yuka: You mean you had written it there already?Yuka: When I was trying to rip Reverb apart...Yuka: You put those letters on that rock beneath the cliff?Yuka: You mean that while I was trying to k*ll Koichi,Yuka: he was already trying to think of how to save me?Yuka: I-I've lost completely.Yuka: No, I lost the moment I first saw Koichi.Oku: Hey, Koichi! Are you alive?Josu: Are you all right, Koichi?!Koi: Josuke! Okuyasu!Koi: Took you long enough to get here! Ah!Yuka: B-But I love him even more now.Yuka: I don't care if he completely ignores me.Yuka: I'm happy just thinkingYuka: about you, Koichi!Oku: Hey, look over there! Is that Yukako?Oku: Her hair's gone completely white!Josu: Whoa, you're right.Oku: But isn't that chick smiling like she couldn't be any happier?Oku: And she's looking right this way.Koi: Huh?!Josu: You're right. That's creepy as hell.Oku: Let's get outta here!Koi: Save me, Josuke!Josu: Don't depend on me!Guy: Well, I'll be . Did you see that, Masaji?Masa: I ain't drunk, Gramps!Morioh_City_Land,Sign: Morioh Landmark Cape Boingy-BoingDirections: Ask one of the local fishermen, "Where's Cape Boingy-Boing?"They will kindly take you there by boat.Nar: Boingy-Boing Cape.Nar: It seems it grew famous due to a rumorNar: that some fishermen saw a young girl try to k*ll herself,Nar: only for a rock in the cape to go"boingy-boing" and gently fling her back.Teach: Hirose!Teach: You worked really hard on this exam.Teach: You can do it if you try.English_Exam____,Sign: English Exam        Answer SheetTest_________Ko,Sign: Test         Koichi HiroseKoi: I don't...Koi: know how I should feel about this.
03x10 - Let's Go Eat Some Italian FoodQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 19:24Oku: Man, I'm hungry.Oku: After we visit Big Bro's grave, let's get something to eat, Josuke.Josu: I'm not hungry.Italian_Cuisine_,Sign: Italian CuisineTrendy Meters to the LeftOku: There's a new Italian restaurant. Apparently it's just ahead.Josu: Just ahead is the cemetery.main: ,No one would come to eat at a restaurant in a place like this.Oku: Josuke, I think that might actually be what brings people in.Oku: The flavor must be like,"Oh, man! I can't stop drooling!"Oku: Let's go! Let's go!Josu: Is this it?Trendy,Sign: TrendyJosu: I thought this was an empty building...Oku: Maybe they remodeled it. It looks nice.Josu: What? "Depends on the customer"?Today_s_Course__,Sign: Today's CourseDepends on the CustomerWith Coffee & DessertFrom , yenOku: The inside looks nice, too!Tonio: Welcome.Title: Episode   Let's Go Eat Some Italian FoodTonoi: Two of you?Tonio: Come, have a seat.Oku: Uh... Thanks...Tonio: Please.Josu: R-Right...Oku: Um, are you a foreigner?Tonio: Si, Signore. I'm Italian.Tonio: My name is Tonio Trendy. Please call me Tonio.Oku: Well, this is great! We get to eat authentic Italian food!Tonio: I have traveled the world.Tonio: I've studied various cuisines to better the cuisine of my motherland.Tonio: Then I came to Japan hoping to get my chance.Tonio: Morioh is a wonderful place.Tonio: There are plenty of farms where you can get fresh produce,main: ,and the seafood is wonderful, as well.Tonio: I love it very much.Tonio: Using the ingredients that Morioh has to offer,main: ,I will bring you food that will make you feel your best.Oku: Nice! I wonder what I should get.main: ,Could we hurry up and get the menu?Tonio: Menu?Tonio: We don't have a menu here.Oku: What do you mean you don't have a menu?Tonio: Because what I serve depends on the customer.Oku: So show me the menu.Tonio: No, no! It means that I will determine the dishes by looking at the customers.Oku: What?main: ,You mean you're not going to let the customer eat what they want? Huh?Tonio: You had diarrhea last night, didn't you?main: ,Your intestinal walls are inflamed.main: ,And you didn't sleep enough. You only slept about four hours, didn't you?Tonio: No wonder your eyes are so puffy.Tonio: Let me see your left hand, too.main: ,Yes, yes... You have athlete's foot on your right foot.main: ,You have two cavities and your left shoulder is stiff, right?Oku: H-How do you know all that?!main: ,That's all correct!Tonio: By looking at both of your hands, I know everything about your health.Tonio: Oh, I'm sorry!Tonio: What about you, signore?Josu: Yeah, I'm not really hungry, so just coffee is fine.Josu: I'll have a cappuccino.Tonio: Ho capito.Josu: Healthy food that concentrates too much on being healthymain: ,usually doesn't taste good.Josu: If it tastes even a little bad,we don't have to pay.main: ,We can complain and leave.Oku: Right.Oku: J-Josuke...Oku: This water... No, is this mineral water?Josu: What's up?Oku: I-I've never had water this delicious before!Oku: It's like... water filled with elegance...main: ,It's like the water a princess in the Alps playing a harp would drink, perhaps.Oku: It's so soothing.Oku: Like the first water you drink after wandering in the desert for three days.Josu: Y-You're right! This is great!Oku: So good!Whew,Sfx: WhewJosu: You're right. This is delicious.main: ,What brand of water is this?Oku: Th-This water is so delicious that I'm about to cry.Josu: Hey, you don't have to cry just from drinking some water.Oku: Maybe it's because it's so pure.main: ,Do you have a handkerchief? The tears won't stop.Oku: The tears just keep flowing! It won't stop!Josu: O-Okuyasu! Hey, there's something wrong with you.main: ,Are you okay?Gush,Sfx: GushJosu: O-Okuyasu!Gush: ,GushOku: Wh-What's with these tears?!main: ,They just keep flowing!Josu: Okuyasu, y-your eyes, your eyeballs, the white part...Josu: It's all shriveled up and squishy!Tonio: Momento! Please do not panic.Josu: Y-You! What did you make Okuyasu drink?Tonio: Please, calm down! His eyeballs will only be shriveled up momentarily.Tonio: That mineral water is from snow on Kilimanjaro in Africamain: ,that melted , years ago.Tonio: It's water that flushes out the inside of the eyeball,main: ,along with any dirt,and helps relieve insomnia.Tonio: The reason you didn't start crying when you drank itmain: ,is because you got plenty of sleep last night.Oku: Josuke!Oku: I'm not sleepy at all now!main: ,I feel refreshed! Like I slept a full ten hours!Josu: Seriously? O-Okuyasu, are you sure there's nothing wrong with your eyes?Oku: Josuke, when you drink water this good for the first time,Oku: trust me, you're bound to cry.Oku: I cried even more when I watched the movie Champ on video.Josu: Really?Oku: Yeah!Tonio: Here's your cappuccino.Josu: R-Right...Tonio: Now, shall we continue with the meal?Oku: Hey, that looks really good.Ingredients_____,Sign: {\u\fs}Ingredients{\u}• Mozzarella cheese ( thin slices)• Tomatoes ( thin slices){\u\fs}Tonio's Special Dressing{\u}•  Anchovy • Seaweed • Olive oil• White wine vinegar • Lemon juice • Salt • Pepper • Etc.• Balsamic vinegar (just a splash) • Toast • Lettuce (for garnish)(Best eaten within  minutes of preparation)Tonio: For the antipasto, we have a salad with mozzarella cheese and tomatoes.Oku: M-M-Mozzaza?Tonio: Mozzarella cheese is a soft, fresh cheese whose fat has been taken out.Tonio: Everyone in Italy loves to eat it.Tonio: The first people to use tomatoes in cooking were the Italians.main: ,Nothing can compare to the way an Italian prepares tomatoes.Tonio: This is not bragging. It's merely pride.Tonio: Please, help yourselves.Oku: Heck, yeah!Oku: Yeah, that's pretty good.Oku: It's good. Pretty good.Oku: But... I'm not sure what it is, but this cheese doesn't have much flavor.Tonio: No! No!Tonio: You need to put it in your mouth with the tomato.Tonio: What? With the tomato?main: ,Well, most foreign dishes don't suit Japanese tastes.Oku: So good!Josu: Huh?!Oku: The juicy part of the tomatoeswraps around the mild cheese!Oku: The cheese brings out the tomato,and the tomato brings out the cheese!Oku: It's like harmony, or like a harmony of tastes!Oku: It's kind of like a Simon and Garfunkel duet!main: ,Ucchan with Nanchan!Oku: Asao Takamori's original Ashita no Joemain: ,with the Ashita no Joe thatTetsuya Chiba directed!Tonio: Grazie! I couldn't be happier that you enjoyed it.Josu: H-Hey, Okuyasu. Let me try a little.Oku: No way.Okku: You should just order some yourself!main: ,There's no way you're getting mine.Oku: I wouldn't give you any even if you were about to die of hunger.Oku: It's so good! I'm so glad I was born, Mom!Josu: ! I knew you were cheap, but I didn't know it was this bad!Josu: Fine. I'll order a plate myself.Tonio: Ho capito.Tonio: However, the only one who will have his stiff shoulder cured is themain: ,customer right there,who has the stiff shoulder.Oku: Huh? Stiff shoulder?Oku: C-Come to think of it, my neck feels a bit hot.main: ,It's oddly sweaty.Tonio: Sir, I recommend that you take off your jacket.Oku: S-Suddenly...Oku: I-I-I'm getting really itchy!Oku: S-Something slimy is stuck to my fingers!Tonio: That would be dead skin.Oku: Dead skin?!Tonio: It's proof that your metabolism has improved and blood is circulating well.Tonio: The calcium, vitamins, and minerals in the antipasto that you just ateTonio: have stimulated the thyroid gland in your throat that controls your metabolism.Tonio: All of your bad cells are coming out as dead skin.main: ,Keep scratching, and get all of the dead skin off!Josu: Okuyasu, stop scratching! It's as big as a softball now!Josu: You're starting to dig at the muscle in your shoulder!Oku: N-No! You're wrong, Josuke!Oku: It's light!Oku: My shoulder feels so stupidly light!main: ,I feel like there's a balloon on my shoulder now, it's so light!Oku: Look! My shoulder's so much more flexible!main: ,I've never been able to do this before!Oku: My shoulder isn't stiff anymore!Tonio: Now, if you'll excuse me for a bit.main: ,I have to make sure the pasta boils properly.Oku: Holy crap! That Chef Tonio guy is a genius!Josu: N-No...internal/narrator: ,Something's definitely wrong here!internal/narrator: ,There's definitely somethingstrange about his cooking!Morioh_City_Land,Sign: Morioh Landmark "Italian Restaurant Trendy"How to get there:  minute on foot after getting off the bus headed towardMorioh's Kunimi Mountain Pass CemeteryAn unusual restaurant with no set menu. The chef will decide the menu based on how the customer is feeling that day.Because seating is limited, it isrecommended that youmake a reservation.Tonio: Now, let's continue with the meal, shall we?Tonio: Next is the primo piatto.main: ,This will be your pasta course.Tonio: I call it... harlot spaghetti!Ingredients_____,Sign: {\u\fs}Ingredients{\u}• Spaghetti • Pitted black olives• Olive oil • Anchovies • Garlic • Red peppers• Cherry tomatoes•Misc: Parsley, salt, pepper, etc•Parmesan cheese(Best eaten while still hot)Nar: Apparently the name of this dish came fromtopinternal: ,hard-working ladies of the night making something randomtopinternal: ,that happened to be good.Nar: Usually, you don't put cheese on pasta with garlic,internal/narrator: ,but this pasta is an exception.Oku: Are there red peppers in this spaghetti?Tonio: Yes, there are.Rome,Map: RomeNaples,Map: NaplesTonio: The harlot's spaghetti uses a pasta sauce that is one of the oldest in Italian cuisine.Spaghetti,Sign: SpaghettiSpaghetti,Sign: TagliatelleSpaghetti,Sign: LinguineSpaghetti,Sign: FusilliSpaghetti,Sign: PenneSpaghetti,Sign: FarfalleTonio: It was born in my hometown of Naples.Spaghetti,Sign: LasagnaSpaghetti,Sign: ConchiglieSpaghetti,Sign: TubettiTonio: That is why I recommend this dish.Oku: Oh, well... I can't eat spicy things.Oku: I can't even eat curry rice unless it'smain: ,Vermont Curry's mild flavor with the apples and honey.main: ,I can't eat sushi with wasabi in it, either.Oku: I can't! It's super spicy!Oku: This is way too spicy!Josu: If you can't eat spicy food, Okuyasu,Josu: then don't eat it.Tonio: If you can't eat it, don't worry.Tonio: I'm perfectly fine with not charging for that pasta.Tonio: I will go make the secondo piatto, the main dish.Tonio: However, my spaghetti is made such that even people whomain: ,do not like spicy things can eat it.Oku: Even if I don't like spicy things?Oku: Hot!Ou: I totally admit that you're a talented chef, Tonio!Oku: That guy's definitely a genius!Oku: But this was a miss.Josu: No, maybe you were lucky that you couldn't eat it.Josu: Don't you think this food and that water are way too weird?main: ,It's too suspicious!Oku: Suspicious? What is?Oku: So hot!Josu: You lost a softball's worth of dead skin, and you cried your eyes out!Oku: You think so?main: ,When I went to Shirabu Hot Springs in Yamagata,Oku: I lost even more dead skin, and my back pain went away!Oku: That much is totally normal.Oku: Hot!Josu: Listen! I just remembered what that Toshikazu Hazamada said.Haza: Stand users, for some reason, seem to be unknowingly...Josu: Stand users are drawn to each other!Oku: Josuke!Oku: Are you saying that Tonio is a Stand user, too?Josu: Shh! We don't know yet!That's why I'm saying he's suspicious!Oku: Suspicious, eh?Oku: Hot! I can't eat this!Josu: If you can't eat spicy food, stop licking it!Oku: Th-That's right. I can't eat spicy food, but you know...Oku: I just want to keep licking this spaghetti sauce.Josu: Why are you eating it?!Oku: I-I know! I shouldn't be able to eat something this spicy...Oku: But...main: ,I can't help myself. Once I tasted it,I was sucked in by the spiciness.Oku: It's like when you eat your age in beans at the Setsubun Festival,Oku: and you don't even really like them, but before you know it,Oku: you've eaten a whole bag!Josu: Hey, I told you to stop eating that!Oku: M-My stomach's opening up!main: ,The more I eat, the more I want to eat!Oku: It's so good!Josu: Okuyasu, you idiot!Josu: Your tooth! Your tooth just flew out!Oku: That's my cavity! My rotten tooth fell out!Oku: C-Come to think of it, I had a cavity on my lower jaw, too...Oku: That's a cavity, too!Josu: Your tooth! A molar is growing in at that speed?!Josu: This settles it. I don't know what he's plotting, but...Josu: Shining Diamond!Oku: But I wanted to eat more...Josu: I'm going to revert that spaghetti back to its original ingredients!Oku: What were those little things just now?Josu: A Stand!Josu: Tonio Trendy was a Stand user after all!Josu: Are you all right, Okuyasu?Oku: My sleepiness is gone.Oku: My shoulder stiffness disappeared, and new teeth replaced my cavities, but...Oku: M-My stomach hurts!My stomach's hurting so bad!Josu: Wait there!Josu: Tonio! Just what are you plotting?!Josu: Where is he?Josu: So the main course is finished...Tonio: Good, good... You're eating that right up.main: ,Looks like the main dish,lamb in apple sauce, is a success.Josu: What?!Tonio: What are you doing there?Tonio: You saw, didn't you?!Tonio: So you came in here to spy on me?!Tonio: You will pay for this! Prepare yourself!Josu: Why do I have to listen to youthreatening to make me pay?Josu: That's my line!main: ,What are you trying to do with your cooking?!Josu: Okuyasu!Josu: Why are you eating?!Oku: I can't help it! My stomach hurts, but I can't help eating it!Oku: Every time the tanginess of the apple saucemain: ,and the juice from the lamb goes down my throat, I feel happiness!Oku: To think a flavor like this existed in this world!Josu: Don't eat that meat, Okuyasu!Oku: I'm so happy! It's like happiness over and over!Oku: It's so good!Oku: M-My innards...Oku: My stomach!Josu: Okuyasu!Tonio: You'll pay for this!Josu: You!Tonio: Wash your hands with soap right now!Medicinal: ,MedicinalMedicinal,Sign: MedicinalJosu: Huh?!Tonio: It's unforgivable!Tonio: Entering the kitchen without permission is unforgivable!Tonio: You! The kitchen must stay clean!Josu: S-Soap? Are you telling me to wash my hands?Oku: Hey, Josuke!Oku: My guts suddenly feel way better!I feel really full, too.Oku: I feel totally satisfied.Josu: Huh?!Oku: My diarrhea tummy's all better!Josu: What?!Tonio: Good for you.main: ,Nothing brings me more joy and happiness than a customer whomain: ,enjoys my cooking and becomes healthy.Josu: The puppy...Tonio: This dish was a little iffy,so I was having him taste it first.Tonio: His tummy was a little upset, too.Josu: Y-You... seriously only wanted to feed Okuyasu good food?Tonio: What else could a chef ask for?Tonio: That is what I live for. That is all I hope for.Josu: You're a Stand user, aren't you?Josu: We are, too.Tonio: Oh, I cannot believe it!Tonio: When... When I went around the worldmain: ,looking for what my ideal cooking would be,that's when I realized my powers.Tonio: This is the first time I've met anyone else with similar powers.Tonio: But you! You lack common sense!Josu: Huh?Tonio: You touched things without washing your hands, didn't you?!Tonio: The number one enemy in a kitchen is germs!Tonio: That's why I got angry!Josu: H-Huh? I-I'm sorry! I didn't mean it!Tonio: You'd better prepare yourself!Toonio: Now, let us continue with the cooking.Oku: Dessert is... flan?Oku: But I'm a street punk!Oku: Hmph! Me eating flan is laughable.Oku: So good!Oku: You really are a genius!Oku: I'm so proud to live in Morioh, where a chef like you lives!Josu:  you, Okuyasu!Tonio: It appears that he's pleased.Tonio: You! Your hands aren't moving!Josu: This is so pathetic...Oku: Hey, my athlete's foot is all better!Tonio: Please come again. Grazie!Trendy,Sign: TrendySigntop: PSigntop: PoSigntop: PoleSigntop: Pole JSigntop: Pole JaSigntop: Pole JamSignbot: ToSignbot: ToniSignbot: TonioSignbot: Tonio TSignbot: Tonio TrSignbot: Tonio TreSignbot: Tonio TrenSignbot: Tonio TrendSignbot: Tonio TrendyGuy: You're Jotaro Kujo, right?Guy: I'm with the Speedwagon Foundation.Guy: Apparently, anywhere near electrical wires is dangerous,main: ,including phone lines and power lines,Guy: so I came to deliver this message myself.Guy: "I should be arriving at Morioh's port tomorrow at noon.Guy: From Joseph Joestar."
03x11 - Red Hot Chili Pepper, Part 1 / Chili Pepper, Part 1QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 19:25Mom: Josuke, how long are you going to be playing that?Mom: If you don't turn off that video game now,Mom: I'm gonna shut it off myself.Josu: Just five more minutes! Please!Josu: Just let me play for five more minutes!Josu: This is the most exciting part!Josu: If I stop right now,main: ,I'll be a man who couldn't accomplish the one thing he set out to do,Mom: Come on! If you don't quit,Josu: and I'll regret it the rest of my life!Mom: the kicks are just going to get harder!Josu: Do you really want your son to end up like that, Mom?!Mom: How long can you put up with this?Josu: I-It's over...Josu: D'oh.Mom: Now, put that away and do your homework.Mom: And take off your  uniform when you're at home.main: ,It's nighttime!Lady: I won't be able to see you anymore.announcertop,Guy: Why, Sachiko? Don't you love me?Josu: Weird. I thought I turned it off.announcertop,Guy: That's not it. I'm thinking about leaving town.announcertop,Guy: And you want to forget about me?Josu: Huh? It won't turn off.Red: Looks like Jotaro Kujo's not leaving town...Red: Even though I warned him all those times.Red: Well, what's the deal, Josuke Higashikata?Josu: You're...Josu: Chili Pepper?!Title: JoJo's Bizarre AdventureTitle: Diamond is UnbreakableTitle: Episode   Chili Pepper, Part Josu: Why'd you come here?Red: Don't ask that now.Red: I've been stopping by here every now and then for a while now.Josu: What?Josu: So this villain's been watching me for a long time?Red: I've been frequently going to visit Okuyasu,Red: the younger brother of Keicho,whom I got rid of,main: ,and I'm very familiar with Koichi Hirose's Reverb and Yukako Yamagishi, as well.Red: And I know that Toshikazu Hazamadamain: ,and Tamami Kobayashi are both in the hospital.Josu: What I'm asking you is what are you actually doing in front of me,main: ,when all this time you've been sneaking around like a gutless coward?Josu: I doubt this is it,main: ,but you're not foolish enough to actually think you're going to kick my ass, are you?Red: Kick your ass?main: ,I'd never do anything that awful to you.Red: I'm here to k*ll you painlessly.Josu: I just can't laugh at your sad excuse for a joke,Josu: good sir.Red: I told Jotaro this before, but Jotaro's Star Platinum is a menace to me.Red: It's the fact that Jotaro is too attentivemain: ,and the fact that Star Platinum has the power to stop time.Red: So I just wanted to see just how much stronger my Stand has gotten over time.Red: Before I fight Jotaro,main: ,I thought I'd test myself against you, Josuke Higashikata.Red: Come a bit closer.Red: Closer! Until you can att*ck as quickly and precisely as Star Platinum, Josuke!Red: Come on! If you're that far away, your punches will be too weak.Josu: Are you mocking me?Red: Of course not.main: ,I've just seen through your abilities.Red: Come closer and give me a super sharp one.Red: Here. Hit me right here. Come on. Come closer!Gush,Sfx: cr*ck!Red: Huh? H-He's fast...Josu: Quit your daydreaming!Red: Much faster than I thought!Josu: If you want to keep daydreaming,Josu: maybe I'll just help you sleep!Josu: Listen up! Jotaro's Star Platinum is nothing like this!Red: I regret my actions.internal/narrator: ,I got a little cocky and underestimated him.Spark: What?!Mom: Josuke! What is all that noise?Josu: What was that Stand power?It felt like a jet engine going off...Josu: He might just be stronger than Jotaro...Red: You, too, Josuke.main: ,Your Shining Diamond surprised me.Red: Looks like I'm not the only one that's grown.Red: I'll wait a little longer.Red: Until my Chili Pepper grows stronger, I won't be able to defeat Jotaro.Josu: He can show up anywhere there's electricity.Josu: Not only does he have tremendous power, but he can control his Stand remotely.Mom: Josuke, I just asked you what all that noise was!Josu: It's nothing.Oku: Man, a bug totally just bit me.Oku: ! Bugs only come to me.Koi: Ah, Josuke!Josu: Sorry to keep you guys waiting.Oku: What did you want to talk about, Josuke?Oku: Why call us out to a lonely-looking place like this?Oku: Couldn't we go to Tonio's or the usual café?Josu: I'm not the one who called you guys out here. It was Jotaro.Koi: Jotaro did? I wonder what he wants.Josu: It's probably about Chili Pepper.Koi: What?! Chili Pepper?main: ,You mean the Stand, Chili Pepper?!Oku: So he appeared?Josu: Yeah, he did. At my place last night.Oku: You! Why didn't you let me know right away?!Koi: Okuyasu... He acts completely different when it comes to Chili Pepper.Koi: I can't blame him, since thatStand k*lled his brother, but...Jojo: I told Josuke to keep quiet.Jojo: Talking about him in the city, where there's electricity running, is dangerous.Koi: Jotaro!Jojo: I had you all come to this field so he wouldn't hear us talking.Josu: Okuyasu, Chili Pepper totally pisses me off, too.Josu: He got into my house without me knowing.Josu: He's free to listen to us talking and take whatever he wants.Koi: Come to think of it, the homework I finishedmain: ,the other day disappeared from my desk!Koi: And I thought my mom mistook it for trash—Josu: That's not a big deal, Koichi!Josu: What I'm trying to say is that the only reasonmain: ,Chili Pepper hasn't caused more trouble is that we're around,Josu: and he drags people who piss him off into the phone linesJosu: with about as much effort as someone making a pervy phone call.Josu: Of course, he can use the bow and arrow,main: ,and he may have already used it on someone.Josu: I saw first-hand that he's gotten stronger.Josu: We have to hurry up and find out who his user is.Koi: B-But how?Josu: We all gathered here to figure that out, right, Jotaro?Jojo: No, not quite.Jojo: We'll be able to find him.Jojo: Because the person who's capablemain: ,of finding him is arriving at Morioh Port at noon.Koi: Huh?Oku: Someone who can find him?Josu: Is he a Stand user?!Jojo: That's right.Jojo: His Stand's name is Hermit Purple.Jojo: Only he's gotten way too old, so he doesn't have the strength to fight.Josu: Too old? How old is this guy?main: ,Do you know him, Jotaro?Jojo: Yeah. I know him very well.main: ,He used to be pretty ripped,Jojo: though you wouldn't guess that now.Jojo: He's ... No, maybe he's ...Josu: ?! He's super old!Jojo: Well, his legs are weak, so he's using a cane.Jojo: He had surgery to remove gallstones two years ago,main: ,and suffered from cataracts.Jojo: He wears full denturesmain: ,and complains that he can't eat T-bone steaks.Jojo: He's also starting to forget things.Josu: Hey, come on, now.main: ,You're not gonna tell me his hobby is talking to mailboxes, are you?Josu: Give me a break!Jojo: I had you guys gather here in order to protect that old man.Jojo: If Chili Pepper finds out about him,he's probably going to k*ll him.Jojo: Because the thing Chili Pepper fears most is us finding out who his user is.Josu: Yeah, but is a man like that really going to be useful to us?Jojo: I tried to stop him,main: ,but when he heard about the bow and arrow, he came to Japan on his own.Koi: Came to Japan? Is he a foreigner, Jotaro?Jojo: Yeah.Koi: Josuke, th-this is serious!Josu: Huh? What is?Koi: Josuke! If he's , a foreigner, and a Stand user...Josu: Y-You can't mean...Red: I heard you loud and clear.Oku: Chili Pepper!Jojo: Impossible! How'd he get to this field?Morioh_Landmark_,Sign: Morioh Landmark #Morioh Grand HotelHow to get there: From bus stop #,take the bus for "Morioh GrandSwimming Area" and get off at the"Morioh Grand Hotel" stop.From there, it's a -minute walk.Located in the same area as manyexpensive villas, it's an elegant hotel full of history. It has housed various travelers to Morioh and has been beloved for years. The beef tongue served at the hotel restaurant is considered superb and is the talk of the town.Whew,Sfx: RumbleKoi: Why?! There aren't any electrical lines here, so how?!Jojo: The bike's battery.Jojo: ! He must have hidden in the bike's battery and followed us here.Oku: In my bike?Josu: He heard us!Red: The port at noon?Red: An old man Stand user who can find me?Whew,Sfx: RumbleRed: I'll be sure to k*ll that man the moment he arrives at the port!Jojo: Now he knows about the old man...Jojo: In other words, Josuke's father.Whew,Sfx: RumbleJojo: This isn't good.Jojo: If we let him go, he's gonna get to the old man before we do.Koi: Josuke! We need to throw a rock at that bike and destroy it!Oku: No, hold up.Oku: For the sake of revenge, I, Okuyasu Nijimura,Oku: will k*ll that villain!Koi: He cut through space-time!Red: Ack! Keicho's younger brother!Oku: I'm the one who's going to deal with you.Oku: I'll scrape you away!Red: Okuyasu, I compliment you,Red: at least in regards to you instantly transferring over here.Red: But the scratching motion you do with your The HandRed: seems to stand no chance against Chili Pepper's swiftness.Red: You're too slow!Oku: Take a better look, you foolishass.Oku: When I said I'll scrape you away,Oku: I meant the bike.Red: The bike's front wheel!Oku: Now you won't be able to run away.Josu: You actually used your head,Okuyasu. Good job!Josu: Chili Pepper can't go far from the bike's battery.Josu: Which means... Look!Josu: The nearest electrical line is at least a hundred meters away,Josu: so you're as good as caught!Koi: That was close!Jojo: No, we haven't actually caught him yet.Jojo: The bike battery is still there.Jojo: I'm sure he plans to do whatever he can to k*ll Okuyasu and run.Jojo: We're going, too!Josu: Right!Koi: Right!Red: Do you really think you've trapped me?Red: Are you trying to get revenge for Keicho?Oku: No.Oku: My Big BroOku: deserved to die.Oku: I knew that someone would k*ll him someday.Oku: The thing about crimes...Oku: When you keep doing stuff like that,Oku: somewhere, somehow, it's going to come back and get you.Oku: Even I can figure that out.Oku: If you tell meOku: your user's name and address,Oku: I'll spare your life.Red: If I tell you, you'll spare my life?Red: You're calmer than I thought.Red: I thought your insides were boiling from wanting revenge so badly.Oku: Deep down inside, I hope you don't tell me!Ou: I'm dying to scrape you away so bad, you foolishass!Red: I knew it.Red: But you want to scrape me away?Red: With that pathetically slow right hand?Red: Should I laugh, or should I yawn?Red: It's a tough choice!Oku: You!Oku: I'll k*ll you!Red: I'll make sure you know wellRed: just how slow your Stand is!Red: Do you see now? It's this slow!Josu: Okuyasu!Koi: Okuyasu!Rd: !Rd: Here comes Jotaro...Red: I can't stick around here for long.Red: What?! He's behind me?!Oku: I may have missed, but I still scraped through space-time,Oky: so I could instantly transfer.Oku: Did you forget?Oku: I've got you now!Oku: You little !Oku: Looks like you're getting quite a bit slower.Oku: Are you going to be able to escape the next att*ck?Koi: Look! Chili Pepper's electrical sparkle is fading!Koi: He's getting weaker!Koi: His Stand power must be running out!Josu: Does this mean Okuyasu wins?Jojo: Okuyasu! Don't finish him off yet!Jojo: Wait until we get there.Jojo: You've won!main: ,We have to ask him where the bow and arrow are right now.Red: You're right... I'm weakening.Red: Your Stand's right hand is slow as hell,but it's still a terrifying Stand.Red: But...Red: Are you sure you don't want to finish me off?Red: Maybe I'm just acting like I've grown weak, Okuyasu.Oku: What?!Red: Maybe I'm waiting for Jotaro to get closer so I can chop his head off.Oku: What are you talking about?Red: Oh, nothing.Red: What will you do? Finish me off now,Red: or wait for Jotaro to get here?Oku: You...Oku: But wait. Why would you tell me that?Oku: If he hadn't told me he was acting weaker,internal/narrator: ,he could have tricked me, and beatenme and Josuke by playing dirty...Oku: Which means, uh, since he told me he's fine,internal/narrator: ,my chance of getting att*cked is zero, right?Ku: You're telling me to finish you off?!Do you want to die?Red: I'll leave that up to you.Oku: Is he really weaker?internal/narrator: ,Or is he lying about being weaker,and he's actually fine?Okku: Which is the truth?Red: Are you coming or aren't you?Oku: If he's fine, I need to go in to finish him.Oku: It's possible he's got something up his sleeve, too.Oku: Should I?Jojo: Okuyasu... Something's wrong.Red: Hurry up and make up your mind, Okuyasu.Oku: !Oku: I can't be bothered to think aboutwhich is right anymore, !Jojo: Okuyasu!Oku: Don't try and stop me, Jotaro!Oku: He k*lled my big bro!I'm going to finish this!Oku: That's the only truth inside my heart!Oku: Die, you little !Gush - Copy,Sfx: GaonJosu: Just great. Now finding the bowand arrow is going to be a real pain.Josu: Though it looks like things were settled.Jojo: No, something is wrong.main: ,It looks like Chili Pepper really was plotting something.Both: Huh?!Oku: There were electrical cables underground?Oku: That one! He wanted me to dig this up!Red: I really was weakened.Red: The bike's battery is only a -volt.Red: That was close!Oku: Why, you...Red: Thanks to you, I feel alive again!Red: Okuyasu!Red: If you had only been a good little boyRed: and held back like Jotaro told you,main: ,the battery would have d*ed, and I would've been eliminated.Oku: Wha...Red: I know where all of the electrical lines in this city are.Red: I thought about running away using those cables,Red: but they were far from the bike.Red: I didn't have the power to dig up the cables.Oku: You!Oku: He's even more...Red: Which means the electricity from earlier, the electrical power,Red: is on my side.Whew - Copy,Sfx: BogoKoi: Okuyasu!Red: Your big brother Keicho said you held him back.Red: He was right.Red: Your mind is underdeveloped.Red: You never could have gotten revenge, you foolishass!Red: Bye-bye, Jotaro, Josuke!Red: Joseph Joestar, was it?Red: I'll have that man share the same fate as the Nijimura Brothers!Red: I've won!Koi: Okuyasu!Koi: He got dragged in there!Kkoi: Okuyasu!Koi: Okuyasu!Jojo: Good grief.Jojo: I can't believe we had him cornered and he still got away.Josu: He's a pretty dangerous Stand.main: ,He can be controlled remotely, and in terms of power,Koi: What?! What are you guys talking about?!main: ,he can take advantage of all the electrical companies, making his power infinite.Koi: Why are you analyzing the enemy's abilities when Okuyasu just d*ed?!Jojo: Oh, right. I guess we should worry about Okuyasu.Josu: Right.Jojo: Talk about a silver lining.Jojo: Looks like Okuyasu has really good luck.Josu: Okuyasu was really lucky thathis right arm was chopped off.Koi: Huh?Josu: Shining Diamond!Josu: When I fix his arm, it means his body will come back.Red: !Kooi: Yay! Okuyasu is back!Oku:  it... I-I...Oku: I totally lost to that villain.Oku: ! !Koi: It's not about revenge or winning or losing.Koi: We have to think about protecting Joseph Joestar.Koi: That'll lead to us defeating Chili Pepper.Koi: You have to do that for everyone.Koi: For the place where we live...Josu: Jotaro, this isn't good.Josu: I was taking this lightly.Jojo: Yeah. We have to get to the old man's boat before Chili Pepper does.Jojo: Let's hurry to the port.Koi: Hey, you two! Aren't you acting a bit too cool?Koi: Okuyasu's in shock!Josu: If we're going to the port, this way is closer.Jojo: All right.Koi: Hey, wait!Oku: Surpass my big bro, huh...Oku: You taught me a lesson, Chili Pepper.Guy: Mr. Joestar.Guy: We'll be arriving at Morioh Port any moment now.
02x01 - DeadQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:14Although inspired in part by a true incident, the following story is fictional and does not depict any actual person or event.In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.I don't know what you expect me to say.I want an explanation.I'm getting calls from Mr.Tyler every day.Obviously, there's been a mix-up.Obviously.Mr. Hagman, the florist is here.He's got a couple of questions for you.Thank you, Mr.Rivera.You have the weekend to straighten this out.If I hadn't happened to check.It's just a mix-up.What am I gonna tell him come Monday? Part of being a successful businessman is knowing when to worry and when not to.- He's gonna make trouble, I know it.- No, he's not.He doesn't want the publicity.Appearances count, Russell.All I'm saying is, this could be a big problem for me.- I got to catch the ferry back.- Russell, problems are just solutions in work clothes.What are you doing in here? You know you're not supposed to be here alone.Sorry, Mr.H.We got Mr.Knowles on deck.His chart says he d*ed from cirrhosis of the liver.That's drinking, right? Scotty, why don't you go home tonight? Mr.H, I was We'll talk about it next week.You just go home.Tell you mother Happy Easter.Hi.They all asleep? No, not yet.I wanna finish up Mr.Knowles' by today.The viewing's at noon.No, don't wait up.Love you, too.Hey, Doug.Long time, no see.Do I know you? How's my Easter bunny? You got in late last night.I know.The traffic was backed up all the way to Melwood.You work too hard.Do you know what happens to little boys who work too hard? Look what the Easter bunny brought! Look at all that candy.Hey, I bet there's more.Who wants to go on an Easter egg hunt? - Me! Me! - Me! Me! Start looking.Douglas, are you back here? Oh, God.Oh, my God.Law & Order CI Crucifixion pose.No characteristic mutilation.No nail holes.No crown of thorns.Just these.His wife said he didn't have a medical condition.You must've been so much fun in biology class.Actually, my biology teacher, Mr.Dixon, didn't think I was much fun at all.There was no sign of forced entry.There's only one employee with a key, Mr.Rivera.He's been with Hagman for 11 years.There's something floating in the embalming fluid.It's a marijuana seed.Hagman had this kid working for him.Scotty Calderon.Yeah, my moms was a cosmetician for Mr.H.She got sick, so he lets me work part-time, you know, showing me the ropes.I'm sure you could show him a few ropes yourself.Like the many profitable uses for embalming fluid.I don't know about that, man.You don't know about fry sticks, clickums, wet daddies? Damn.Damn is right, Scotty.Joints soaked in embalming fluid sell for 20 bucks a pop on the street.Mr.H found out what you were doing? He didn't know about that, I swear.I just He knew I was getting high.That's why he sent me home early last night.Early? His wife told us you quit work every day at 6:00.Not the last couple of weeks.He had me stay late till he locks up.Why? I don't know, man.Well, anything unusual happen two weeks ago? Anything that had Mr.H worried? Well, there was that message on the answering machine.Some guy was reading from the Bible.Well, do you remember what he said? Something about eating the bread, going back in the ground, like that.Okay, Scott.Just follow the officer out.So that's what a brain looks like on embalming fluid.Hagman was getting harassing phone calls."In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread, "till thou return unto the ground for out of it wast thou taken." Genesis.I need to use my most important investigative tool.My library card.The ME analyzed the bumps on Hagman.They were filled with a blend of mineral spirit, propylene glycol, surfactant, lanolin, aloe.You think that's some kind of soap? The lab's not sure.The bumps were made post-mortem using a syringe.The skin was red from being b*rned with a lighter or a torch.The Sixth Plague.Boils were the Sixth Plague sent by God to the Egyptians.Each plague was meant to discredit a different Egyptian god.Boils were aimed at Imhotep, the god of medicine.Hagman was k*lled by a religious fanatic? Yeah, who opposes embalming.Well, he's probably not the only undertaker in town who was targeted.Vaughn's Funeral Home Monday, April 13 Ryan took the call.The person asked for me by my first name.Fritz.Was this someone you knew? I didn't recognize the voice.He had a whole spiel.Mostly about embalming being against God's plan.How every time I insert a trocar into a corpse, I desecrate the body.What's a trocar? Tool of the trade.It's inserted near the navel and used to puncture the stomach, bladder, large intestines and lungs.Then / Let's leave it at tool of the trade.That was the term the caller used? Trocar? Yes.Mr.Vaughn, where did you study for your license? Queens College of Mortuary Sciences.I was just about to go home.I just wanted to see how you were.Did you ever hear from that man, Hagman? - No.He was - I told you.Things have a way of working themselves out.Harry, he got k*lled over the weekend.Right in the funeral home.God has a very peculiar sense of humor."Careers in advertising." What is all this? I got this idea on how to sell advertising.You know when you call up a business and they put you on hold? What if instead of playing music they played commercials? See, this is where companies get into trouble.They squander all their capital by extending themselves into areas where they have no track record, no expertise.Stop dreaming and start reaping.I'm going to take a look out back.Out back? Well, why? Is there a problem? No problem yet, Russell.I wanted to offer comfort to the grief-stricken.The mortuary college was teaching us to shake every dime loose from them.- That's why you dropped out? - Yes.And why you made threatening phone calls to your classmate Fritz Vaughn and to Doug Hagman? I don't thr*aten.I call to open a dialogue.To rant against what your literature calls, "The ritual desecration of the human body." Do you have any idea what embalming actually entails? Do you want your anus stuffed with cotton, your mouth glued shut, all to preserve the illusion that death doesn't change anything? Well, there's always cremation.No.Don't you understand? Death and decay are eternal truths of man's existence.Any interference, any desecration is a stain in God's plan.Any desecration at all of humans remains? Yes.He's a true believer.He wouldn't have desecrated Hagman's body.- Not even to make a point? - You heard him.It would put a stain on God's plan.The fake boils, the crucifixion pose, it was all just to throw us off.- It's impressive.- It's demented.It worked.Whoever it is k*lled Hagman, I can't wait to meet them.Mr.Hagman didn't mention any problems with other funeral homes.What about your customers, Mr.Rivera.You ever get any complaints from them? No.People are always grateful.Mr.Hagman did good work.There's a Mr.Tyler here who doesn't sound very grateful.He's threatening a lawsuit.Do you remember him? He brought in his wife and his mother a couple of weeks ago for cremation, but I don't know of any trouble."If as you told me the ashes aren't lost, "then where the hell are they? "You have no idea what agony you've put my family through."If you don't return the ashes by the end of this week, "you'll get a taste of what we've had to endure." It's dated Tuesday, last week.Did you get him his ashes back? Well, I don't remember any paperwork about it.You do the cremations here? No, we send the remains to the Fox Hills Crematory on Staten Island.Right.Tyler, poor guy lost his wife and mother.He called here.I told him I sent the ashes back to Hagman's.- You got any paperwork on that? - Sure."Problems are just solutions in work clothes." I like that.You had the business long? Couple of years, since my dad d*ed.Family business.Interesting work? You get used to it.Burning bodies? Really? You know, I heard they don't burn all the way through.You have to, you know, roll them over like a log in a fireplace and shove them back in.It's called repositioning.And you get used to that? Yeah.You get used to anything.Here.Hagman's signature accepting receipt for the urns containing the Tyler ashes.Can you think of any reason why Mr.Hagman didn't return the ashes to Tyler? No.But, look, I don't mean to sound callous, I mean, the guy just lost his family, but on the phone, he was ranting like some crazy man.Apartment of Damon Tyler Brooklyn, New York Thursday, April 16 He promised I'd get the ashes back within three days.- He promised.- So you threatened him.I told him I was gonna sue.To make sure he never did business in this state again.Your mother lived with you? Yes, she wasn't in good health.She had a heart problem? She had an arrhythmia.It was partially controlled by medication.Partially.She had a pacemaker? Yes, she did.Do you know if it was removed at the hospital before they sent her to the funeral home? I have no idea.What difference does it make? The hospital didn't remove it before sending the body to the funeral home.Hagman's inventory of everything he removed from Mrs.Tyler's body doesn't mention the pacemaker.And this is a big deal because? Pacemakers have to be removed before cremation otherwise, the lithium batteries explode.Gives off a toxic fume and could damage the cremation chamber.Yeah, I heard silicon implants had to be removed.My buddy Martinelli in the 3-7 married a stripper.Did Mr.Matthews mention any problems with Mrs.Tyler? No.You'd think he'd remember if she exploded in his furnace.Maybe the pacemaker popped out in the accident or the hospital.Do we have a list of Hagman's clients who were cremated at Fox Hills? I ironed your grey shirt.I worry about you driving at night.Don't.I'm careful.I'll call you from the motel as soon as I get there./ Okay.My clients need to see me.They like the personal contact.I know you do, too.Oh, I almost forgot.Molly made you some cookies for the road.I found only one family who would let me examine their relative's ashes.Their Aunt Edith.She was cremated six months ago at Fox Hills.I ran the test twice, just to be sure.These so-called ashes are nothing but debris.Debris? Cement dust, dried clay, bits of charcoal briquettes, wood chips.- Nothing human? - Not a spec.Just an urn filled with three pounds of dirt.So, where's Aunt Edith? Detectives, I didn't expect to see you back.Couple of things came up in connection with Damon Tyler.Did you run into any problems when you cremated his mother? No.Why? It came to our attention she had a pacemaker.Oh, well, that would've been removed before we got the remains.That's the problem.See, there's no record that it was removed by anybody.Well, if it hadn't been removed, I would've found out the hard way.It's a slow day.Excuse me? There's no smoke coming from the chimney.Oh, well, we only run the cremation chamber at specific times.When was the last time? Yesterday.- Are you sure? - Mmm-hmm.Because there's birds nesting directly downwind from the chimney.- Well, I don't know much about birds.- Yeah.But you'd think with the smoke they'd keep from nesting there.Well, like you said, you don't know much about birds, so But I like fresh air.Doesn't smell so fresh here.What do you think? It's a little ripe.Well, Fresh Kills Landfill is not far.What's back there? It's just some land my dad bought with the crematory.Hey, you think we could take a walk? You know, I'm real busy, and my insurance won't allow anybody back there without me, so So that's a no on the nature walk? Yeah.Sorry.It's This is Goren.We're at the Fox Hills Crematory.Right.The DA's will be faxing you a search warrant.We got two over by those rocks.Four, could be five down in that little gully.Some are buried deep.Some are just covered with branches.Some look a few weeks old, some Who knows? Rough count so far is north of 30.I've never seen anything like this.You and me both, brother.Dad left a lot of debt.Like when he got the furnace fixed.So you saved on your gas bill by dumping bodies in your backyard? Is that where the $70,000 we found in your bank account came from? It's just a mistake, I swear.I never wanted this.You never wanted what? The crematory? Your dad's business? You had other plans for your life? You wanted to be what, an advertising executive? A webpage designer? Oh, and look at this, an alpaca rancher.Anything but a guy who repositions half-burnt corpses on the grill.This is what you buried back there.Your dreams.Your frustrated ambitions.That's why you defrauded these families.- That's what Hagman found out.- No, no.I didn't I didn't defraud anybody.Come on, Russell, take some pride in your work.Look at the books that you kept.Every decimal in its place.Every penny accounted for.You covered yourself like a pro.Where did you learn to do this? Nowhere.You went to business school? No.You had someone help you keep the books? No.No one.I don't need to do this anymore.I want a lawyer.I want a lawyer, now.I just got the latest tally from the ME.They broke 100 about an hour ago.That's 100 counts of larceny.Not to mention, an innumerable violations of the public health laws.But I'd trade it all for a single count of m*rder.Matthews isn't sophisticated enough to have pulled off Hagman's m*rder or this scam.He's a pie-in-the-sky dreamer with no practical experience in business.But his books and his records would stand up to a tax audit.Does he have a bookkeeper? None we could find.And it's not just that.It's marketing techniques, the ads and the journals.It speaks to a professionalism that's well beyond his grasp.This kind of professionalism."Problems are just solutions in work clothes" "Enthusiasm is the rocket fuel that propels you up the ladder of success." "If you think you can, you can." Matthews' silent partner is a motivational speaker? "Don't get what you want.Want what you get." It's M & H Consulting, Queens, New York.Home of Harry & Susan Rowan Queens, New York Saturday, April 25 Russell is my cousin on my mother's side.He asked for my advice when he took over Uncle Leon's business.So I instructed him on the basics, you know, a little bookkeeping, marketing.He took your lessons to heart.He runs his business in a very professional manner.Except in the one respect.Right.I don't know what got into him.Greed, for one thing.That's probably it.Well, greed only gets you so far.It takes a special kind of callousness to do what Russell did.Russell never struck me as especially callous.You should see what it looks like behind his crematory.Half-buried, bloated corpses, crawling with vermin, rotting entrails seeping out, bodies piled one on top of the other, flesh decaying into each other like a Like a putrid soup.Of course, those people were dead to begin with.Like I said, I don't know what got into him.Harry, lunch is ready.They're detectives.They're asking about Russell.Be right there.That's my wife.You didn't need her, did you? - No.- I didn't think so.This is a terrific little workshop you have here.It's the one thing I miss about being in the city.No room for a workshop.No room to, I don't know, get away from the family.Well, I don't look to get away from the family.Oh, jeez.Do you mind? Well, we'll let you get back to your family.Thanks for giving us your time, Mr.Rowan.You okay? I need to get my hands to the lab.The lab sent me their analysis of the clean-up goop from your hands.It has the same chemical composition as the fluid found in the boils on Hagman.Not a conclusive match but well within the hash marks.How about that.Not only does Mr.Harry Rowan have a green thumb, he has an aptitude for m*rder.I think he does it for a living.His lifestyle, his personality, his obsessive concentration on the task at hand.It fits the profile.So why is a professional hitman interested in a crematory? Well, I'd like to say he was cremating his victims, but there's no cremation going on.You're cataloging the DNA from the crematory? Of course.Could you start running it through the national database? Albert Lundy.His remains were found buried behind the crematory and identified through DNA.He d*ed in October last year.Which is odd because his DNA matched the DNA found at a m*rder scene in Brooklyn three months ago, under the fingernails of the victim.Lyle Curicelli.He was found strangled in an alley.Curicelli was in debt to the Masucci family.His m*rder was a suspected hit.The skin samples and the DNA found under his fingernails were thought to belong to his assailant.- The DNA belonging to Grandpa Lundy? - Right.Next we have Kenneth Hemmerick.Mr.Hemmerick d*ed in June, 1999.His DNA turned up in a blood sample from Newark, on the body of a bookie James Hurly.Mr.Hurly was stabbed to death in January, 2000.Another suspected Masucci hit.We found four more bodies behind the crematory whose DNA turned up at Masucci hits.The DNA from the crematory was harvested from those remains and then planted on these victims to mislead the m*rder investigators and create reasonable doubt in the event of a trial.Harvested and planted by Harry Rowan.That's our theory.In the past, the Masuccis have used two known hitmen.Frank Curtis, he's been in federal custody for a year and a half and Eddie Ferguson.He's been missing for the last six months, presumed to be in hiding or to have fled the jurisdiction.So Harry picked up the slack.Well, we don't think he works exclusively for the Masuccis.There's a lot of blood on his hands.- Oh, hi, honey.- Hi.What are you doing out here? Mommy said we need more ice cream.Ice cream? What do we got in here? Chocolate! Or there's Rocky Road.What do you think? Chocolate.Chocolate it is.Office of Medical Examiner Staten Island, New York Friday, May 2 We got an anonymous phone call from a concerned jogger.He said he saw two guys last week arguing on the Roosevelt Boardwalk.A couple of days ago, he recognized one of them from his picture in the papers.Russell Matthews.He said the other guy had a goatee.So we took a look.Guess what we found caught between the rocks? Eddie Ferguson.Fingerprints confirmed it.Dead of blunt force trauma to the head.That's not all.There were hairs caught under his fingernails.Same coloration as Russell Matthews.I obtained a hair sample from Mr.Matthews.- The hairs matched? - Yes.Well, he looks well-preserved.How long's he been dead? Without a full autopsy, it's hard to tell.I'd say a week or two.I heard Major Case was looking for a Masucci hitman that was doing business with Russell Matthews.Here's your guy.Nice of him to drop out of the sky like that.What's this? Could be a number of things.Looks like a freezer burn to me.The hitman who came in from the cold.I'm telling you, I've never seen this guy before.I don't know what my hair is doing on his hands.Maybe you were in business with Ferguson, maybe you let him take DNA from your backyard, maybe you got in an argument with him.No, no.We like this story, Russell.I mean, unless you have one we like better about your cousin Harry using your backyard as his own petri dish.I am not saying anything against Harry.Who do you think put your hair under Eddie Ferguson's fingernails? Let me get this straight.You think this whole Ferguson thing was set up by Harry Rowan? I don't care.I'm not going against Harry.I've seen Harry go after his own kid brother.Harry'd k*ll you and wash his hands in your own blood.We'll never get anything out of this mutt.Did the autopsy on Mr.Ferguson prove he'd been frozen then thawed? The autopsy proved when it comes to medical science, you're better off asking the Magic 8 Ball.Any luck on a search warrant for Rowan's place? Since the hairs connect the late Mr.Ferguson to Russell Matthews, Judge Whitman feels there's already a viable m*rder suspect lying in the morgue on Staten Island.So Rowan's little ruse paid off.The guy doesn't leave anything to chance.Well, chance is probably what keeps him up at night.There's no such thing as a margin of error in his line of work.Not unless he wants to stay out of jail.The fear of making a mistake, for him must be overwhelming, Consuming.Like an itch he can't scratch.Hi, Ms.Rowan.Let me give you a hand.You're the detectives my husband was talking to? That's right.We need to ask you about his consulting business.Well, I'm sure my husband will be happy to answer all of your questions.Oh, I'm not sure that he'd want to.Does he ever talk about his business travels, his clients? We have two kids, so we have plenty to talk about besides his business.You ever met his clients? We have some photos to help you remember.Eddie Ferguson.Actually, last time your husband saw him, this is how he looked.And then there's James Hurly.This is Mr.Hurly the last time he had a business meeting with your husband.And this job, Tommy Dunne.Shotgun blast to the head while waiting at a stop light.Why are you showing me this? This is what your husband does for a living.He kills people.This is how he paid for this car, for your house, for the Florida condo.It's not true.Okay, you ask your husband.You show him these and then ask him.That day that we came over, did you notice that he didn't want you around when he was talking to us? You ask him.If he's got nothing to hide, then why is he afraid to talk to us in front of you? We got your message.But I bet my partner We came here to return these.Stop harassing my family.Do we understand each other? You're not gonna stay and talk, clear the air? What did I tell you, Ms.Rowan? We can go in there.You can wait right here and see everything.After you.Let's start with a softball.The Saturday night before Easter, where were you? I was stuck on the Taconic.Where had you been? Scouting an industrial park in Ossining.We'll want a list of your clients.Your consulting clients.Do you read the Bible, Mr.Rowan? Not much.Exodus 9:8.The Sixth Plague.This was very It was a very elegant and inspired staging.I'm looking at this as a professional.What's most impressive is the attention to detail.The posing of the body, the reddening of the skin with a torch, the injection of mineral spirit, propylene glycol, lanolin.It's the same composition as your hand cleaner in your little workshop.The same careful planning went into these crimes.The timing, lack of forensic evidence, except of course, for what the perpetrator chose to leave behind.And this is where I step back in awe.The planting of the DNA and the harvesting from human remains.You know, as a pre-emptive measure.It's a It's a stroke of genius.I mean, watching the police fumbling around must've been tremendous fun for the perpetrator, don't you think? Speaking as a concerned citizen, I wish the police were half as capable as this fellow seems to be.Oh, everyone wants us to think that Eddie Ferguson is this fellow, but we think that Eddie was k*lled by, you know, this fellow.k*lled six months ago and kept in a freezer.The reality is in this fellow's line of work, you live with the knowledge that the smallest thing can give you away.Things like this freezer burn right here on Eddie's shoulder.I mean, that tells us that whatever Eddie was wrapped in got loose or torn.Just a small mistake to remind us that no one's perfect.Not that most of us need reminding.Excuse me.Why is he talking to my wife? I don't know.- Porcelain cap? - Yeah.Like from a tooth.You don't remember seeing it in the garage? Mr.Rowan, thank you so much for coming in.The officers will show you downstairs.He said a porcelain cap, like for a tooth.Why would he ask me that, Harry? - What else did he say? - Harry.What else, Susan? He wanted to know if the kids would be home tomorrow morning.I told him they'd be at school.Harry, what is going on? Just get in the car.One search warrant.Limited to the garage.Give me a chance to call home, and I'll go with you.We're not executing the warrant tonight.We want to make sure that Harry Rowan gets a good night's rest.What did you find out? Can we fight it? You are my lawyer, you tell me.Okay.Okay.Yes, I have an idea when they'll be here.Harry.It's late.What're you doing? Go to bed, Susan.Go to bed! You didn't find it, did you? The porcelain cap.You told him I asked you about it? Yes, but I don't understand.The porcelain cap that fell out of Eddie Ferguson's mouth through the tear in the plastic that you wrapped him in before stuffing him into the freezer six months ago right next to the leg of lamb and the Rocky Road ice cream.Oh, my God.Oh, my God, Harry.What did you do? How long do you think it'll take us to find it, Harry? It's not here.It can't be here.I looked.I didn't make a mistake.Sounds like an admission of guilt to me.Harry Rowan, you're under arrest for m*rder.A costly mistake.Harry didn't make a mistake.Eddie Ferguson doesn't wear caps.
02x02 - Bright BoyQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:15In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.So what did you do this week for fun? Did you know that the word "fun" can be found in over 14 languages, and its meaning changes every time? I was thinking about good old American fun.What's fun for me isn't always fun for my dad.You mean like what we did Saturday? Robbie, I'm sure at the school you'll be able to do more of the things you like to do.Here's your father.Kim? The stuff we talked about today, I'd like to be the one to tell him, okay? Sorry I'm late.- How did it go? - We had a good talk.Will you be there tomorrow? Probably not.Good luck.Thank you.- Hello? - Hi, Kim.Oh, hi.Listen, I just got out of a press conference.Got a message Jim Hardy canceled tonight.So here I am with nobody to eat dinner with.What about your wife? Doesn't she eat? I thought you social workers were morally ambivalent about marriage.Not this social worker.If you just want to talk about budget cuts in my department, that'd be fine.Fair enough.I'll pick you up from work.Watch the news tonight.They promised me 15 seconds.There are two kids aged four and six and two adults.Meth heads.Let's go.- Dad! Where are they taking us? - What's happening? Oh, God! / Get your hands off of me! - Please! - Timmy! They're my babies.Please bring them back./ Dad? Timmy! / You bitch! Give them back to me! Now, come on.Stand back.Timmy! Fight back, man! Bite her on the hand! You'll get them back when you can take care of them.Mommy and Daddy love you! Of course not.It's one of the Mayor's pet projects.Will cutbacks mean more potholes and bigger piles of garbage? Next you're gonna ask me when I stopped b*ating my wife.Look, it's up to the maintenance crews and the sanitation workers.Everyone is gonna have to work harder for less money.The Mayor is in conference with his workers right now.We're planning on having a meeting very soon.I bet you've never seen the inside of a Deputy Mayor's apartment.It's got a sterile efficiency some women find irresistible.- Bill.- Okay, okay.And just in case you weren't paying attention when I was talking about our budget problems, I'll send you a memo.Don't worry, it's all in here.Oh, wait.If you won't sleep with me, can you buy me a paper? Somebody might recognize me if I get out of the car.I just want to see what they have on the press conference.Let this be my farewell gift to you.Red Sox are holding on to a 2-0 lead over the Yankees Hello.Hi, baby.I just got out of the restaurant.I'm saying goodbye to Jim Hardy.I'll call you right back.Bye.That wasn't so bad, was it? Mmm-hmm.Hey! Get away from her! Leave her alone! Help! Help! We're being mugged! Help! Law & Order CI What we got is everybody heard the g*nsh*t but nobody saw anything.Any idea what Webster was doing here? Mrs.Webster said she talked to him on his cell phone just before he got k*lled.He told her he was just finishing dinner with Jim Hardy from the Sanitation Workers Union.What does Mr.Hardy say? Well, he told us he canceled his dinner with Mr.Webster that afternoon and spent the evening at home with Mrs.Hardy.Looks like Webster had a passenger, sat close to him, wore a purple cashmere sweater.Tight-fitting size 2 with a plunging neckline.Hmm.That I can't tell from this.I can tell from the bull he was feeding his wife.The window was rolled down.He was reaching over when he was sh*t.Maybe reaching for this.He had someone get him a paper? Maybe we can find partial prints on the quarters.No quarters.None in here.Same story here.We must be in a low-readership neighborhood.Quarters.Two that got away.Hey! Hey! How you doing? Hey, let me give you a hand.Ready.One, two, three, up! There they are.Look at that! It's a gold mine! Let me give you a hand.Hey, you know what? I have two quarters that you missed from the boxes on 12th Street.We're gonna owe the Ledger some money.You were on 12th Street last night? Who said that? Oh, they're your boxes on 12th Street? Your boxes, your quarters.Yeah.Did you see anybody buy a paper from those boxes? Yeah.A woman in a In a black car.She had a fuzzy sweater.We'll need you to help us make a picture of this lady.You stay put.We'll get somebody to take you to our office.Webster had a woman in the car with him.She bought him a newspaper and disappeared.We'll say she's a potential witness and leave it at that.What else? Webster had enemies.City workers, union leaders.We're checking everybody's whereabouts last night.Anybody asks, we're treating this as ordinary street crime.This is Webster's cell phone records for yesterday.He called the Administration for Child Services mid-afternoon.The witness might work in the city's social services.Yes, hello.Beg your pardon? All right, her private line.Is Ms.Stevens in? When? No, that's all right.Thank you very much.Found her.We ID'd her off her prints.City has them on file.Manual strangulation.Mmm-hmm.But the ME thinks she was knocked out first.Do you have her clothes? Cashmere.What year was Webster's car? - '99.- It's got a new car smell.Make sure you mention that to the lab.- Any purse? - No.She was found uptown? Wrapped in a blanket.In a shopping cart, under the FDR at 136th Street.Rumor has it you have a suspect in custody.Yeah.It wasn't me, man.I'm just the wrong guy.In the wrong place at the wrong time.People saw you when she took your kids.You were angry.You were angry when you went down to the ACS, angry when you jumped her outside her apartment / No, no.angry when you strangled her and drove off with her body.Okay.You know what? Okay.What difference does it make? You want to think I did it, fine, go ahead, I don't care.What difference does it make? Adolph.When's the last time you had something to eat? I only eat candy.You want to tell us what you did last night? Well, me and Joanie were upset 'cause, you know, we miss the kids.So we scored, you know, and just chilled out watching TV.Here.It's easier when your fingernails are not so short.Yeah.You usually keep your pinky nails long? Yeah.That's for your ears, right? I got this condition.Oily ears.It's like I got bugs in there.Well, why are your fingernails cut so short now? The other guys did it.The other cops, they did it.They cut it for They said it's for evidence.I smell square one up ahead.Kulik's long pinky nails would've left deep marks on the girl's neck if he'd strangled her.These marks were made by someone with neat clipped nails.Somebody who knew Stevens had a history with Kulik and tried to frame him.I'll go break the bad news to the boys upstairs.Now, there is good news.Since her body was moved, it shows that the Deputy Mayor wasn't the primary target.Office of Kim Stevens Department of Children's Services Tuesday, May 8 Any other parents thr*aten her? No.She had an excellent track record of reuniting families.She has notations in here."Subject looks forward to intellectual challenges."Emotional maturity beyond his years."Sheltered home life."Unsuited for college environment." It reads like evaluations for college admissions.If she was doing anything like that, it was on her own time.Any names to go with the notes? No, just serial numbers."Subject interacts well with college-age adults."Subject has practical concerns.He worries "He worries that he's too short to use bathroom facilities." These subjects are little kids.Little kids being considered for college admissions.Geniuses.There can't be that many places in town that give mortarboards to baby Einsteins.Robbie, I need to speak with your father for a moment.I've just had some shocking news about Ms.Stevens which has forced us to adjust our normal admissions procedures.Based on Robbie's tests and everything, we would like to offer him a place at the school.Congratulations.- You've been accepted.- I have? You made it, Robbie.You did it.Since our students are much younger than the college kids they'll be attending classes with, the university requires that we make sure that they're emotionally equipped to handle the social and academic pressures.Why hire a city social worker to do the evaluations? Well, Kim volunteered.She was an alumnus of Metcalf University, with degrees in social work and psychology.How many children are up for admission? Eight, for six openings for the summer semester.Had Ms.Stevens turned in her evaluation on them? No.She was going to on Thursday when we made our final selection.Last Thursday, the day after she was k*lled.How did you choose the winners without Ms.Stevens' evaluations? We relied solely on the other criteria, IQ scores, SAT's.Please, you're going to disturb the children.Are they working on that problem on the board? Yes.This is a special math tutorial.Really? These little kids are gonna solve that? These are profoundly gifted children.You'll have to forgive my partner, Dr.Leonard.He's feeling very humble right now.The competition to get into your program must be fierce.- I hope you're not suggesting that - We are.Of the six kids that you admitted, how many of them are on the bubble as far as Ms.Stevens' evaluations are concerned? Well, as I told you, we never got her final evaluations.But there was one student I thought might've been, as you say, on the bubble.Home of Charlie Rasmussen Queens, New York Thursday, May 10 We thought Dr.Leonard's program would help Charlie re-focus his goals.But it became apparent after a few days that Charlie's goals didn't need re-focusing.Charlie doesn't have to be a math genius, you know.He can be a musical prodigy.Not to mention, you think the math chicks look anything like Jennifer Connelly? No way, hombre.Besides, the hot babes go for musicians.You see the problem.Music is my life, Mom.Did Ms.Stevens give you any hint that there might be a problem with your son? No.But we knew going in it wouldn't be easy.I told Kim I just wanted off that baby-genius track.Track.You make it sound like it's a race.Oh, it's totally cut-throat at our level.We all know we'll all be competing for the prizes and the research money.Do you know any of the other students that applied to Dr.Leonard's program? Oh, sure.Except for the new guy, we've all been together in math camps since we came out of the test tube.Charlie knows very well he wasn't conceived in a test tube.So who was this new kid? Robbie something.I don't know.Leonard treats him like he's another John Nash.She just leaves him alone and lets him doodle.His father told me he's been home-schooled since kindergarten.Do you know the other parents well? Pretty well.We spend a lot of time commiserating.You have no idea what a challenge it is parenting a gifted child.This math equation.I saw it at the Institute on the board.Oh, yeah.It's the Riemann Hypothesis.One of the Millennium Projects.You solve it, you make a million bucks.Leonard's pet project.She wants one of her baby geniuses to solve it.Can I keep this? Sure.What do I need it for? Oh, he went to school for about five minutes until I saw what was happening to him.Which was what? He was bored, he was so far ahead, and I thought, hell, I can do a better job than those klunkheads.Klunkheads.You think they were klunkheads, Robbie? Well, they were just trying their best.But they didn't have enough training to teach someone like me.Who helped you home-school him? Your wife? My wife d*ed in an accident five years ago.I came up with the curriculum.It was just Robbie and me.And you what, work nights? No.I spend my nights with Robbie.I'm on disability from work.Tae kwon do? You used to compete? A long time ago.But unless I was willing to do it on a national level, it wasn't worth it.Auto racing, did you do that nationally? Regional, quarter mile.Robbie remembers being in his mother's arms watching me race.Let me guess, you were in a band.Oh, that's all in the past.Robbie, you want to show me your room? Now I devote myself full-time to my son's education./ Is that okay? Wednesday night, you remember where you were? Here.Robbie was asleep.- Do you own a car? - No.g*n? Come on.No, I don't own a g*n.Derek Jeter's rookie card, signed.You must be a Yankee fan.Yeah, baseball's a thinking man's game.Do you know who managed the Yankees in the '80s? Who didn't manage the Yankees in the '80s? Billy Martin came back three times, Gene Michael came back twice, Bob Lemon, Yogi Berra, Clyde King, Lou Piniella, Dallas Green, Bucky Dent and Stump Merrill.Wow.Your dad take you to the games? No.He says watching sports doesn't add any value to my education.But I follow the stats on my computer.But you play.What position? Oh, no.I don't have time.How were your interviews with Kim Stevens? Oh, she was a nice person.Did she tell you that you might not get into the program? No.The Riemann Hypothesis.You know what? This does not look fun.My dad says that sometimes the way to solve a problem is to let your right brain work on it.So that's what I'm doing.I really like your drawings.Hey, if you don't need them, - you think I can have them? - Sure.Okay.Catcher, that's what you play.How did you know? It's the thinking man's position.You really need a million bucks that bad? It's Robbie's calculations.They contain symbols that aren't in the other kids' work, and they're not in any work done on the Riemann Hypothesis.They don't belong there.Well, he's 10 years old.He made a mistake.No.There's no mistake.This symbol.Infinity.This one.It's Omega.The end.This one.Theta.Death.Now Robbie wrote these in his calculations over and over again.Infinity.The end.Death.He's suicidal.Kim Stevens found out.She was going to keep him out of the program.If Kim Stevens decided Robbie was psychologically unfit, his father might've found out.Maybe he thought he could change her mind.Webster got into the picture.The dad panicked.And k*lled two people just to get his child into an educational program? Dads k*ll over hockey.Why not over education? Yes.Especially this dad.The rock star, martial arts expert, drag racing champion.All attention-seeking careers, all of which he's failed at.But if his son succeeds, the spotlight's back on him.Have you confirmed that Ms.Stevens diagnosed Robbie Bishop as unfit? The school won't release her files without the father's permission.Fat chance of that.Unless we could have him removed as guardian of his son's records.We'd have to convince a judge there's probable cause to consider Mr.Bishop a m*rder suspect.The lab found a mixture of higher paraffins imprinted on the back of her sweater.The substance is a preservative, Cosmoline, used on new cars shipped from overseas.It's shaped like a flashing around a car window.Bishop pushed her up against his car.Bishop doesn't have a car.We checked.Do we have Bishop's employment history? He worked in the Stevedores Union.Worked for Autotrain Freight Forwarders.Still works there a couple of days a month.Taking cars off boats, putting them on trains.Wouldn't be too tough to borrow one of those cars for the night.You match the imprint on the sweater to a model of car in that shipyard, that should be enough probable cause to satisfy a judge.Enough for a search warrant, too? I want everything catalogued and returned, you understand? You got some balls coming between me and my son.I'm the only one here who's got his best interest at heart.You're not concerned that your son might be suicidal? If Robbie was unhappy, he'd tell me.You couldn't tell from all these personality tests? Those just measure social adjustment.I have to make sure he's not getting overloaded.I've always read that kids with high IQ's, they thrive on pressure.They need it to help them develop.There's nothing I hate more than discussing my child with a know-it-all.Hmm.Are you dyslexic? 'Cause you wrote down a phone number, then crossed it out and then re-wrote it in the right order.I was tired, that's all.Where's your partner? Where'd she go? My mom used to tell me stories at night before I went to sleep.Now your dad reads to you.Yes, until I fall asleep.He never leaves me alone.What about last Wednesday? Did he read to you? I just went to sleep.I was pooped.Robbie, the detectives have work to do.Let's get out of their way.Look what he showed me.His aunt and uncle.They live in western Mass.He says he visits every chance he gets.There he looks happy.If he was there.You see Robbie's face? The lighting and the shadows don't match the others.He digitally put himself in this photo.Looks like Stevens did a pretty thorough work-up on Robbie.At least he had fun with her, she took him to the Bronx Zoo, to Little League in Prospect Park one Saturday.Yeah.To observe him with kids his own age.She says here he's remarkably well-adjusted.How could she miss this kid was miserable? Says here she gave him an MMPI.Do you have it over there? Well, if you tell me what it is in plain English, I might be able to find it.Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory.It tests social adjustment.I remember this.We had to take it the last year of high school.So did we.How did you do? I had to go to my counselor's office and have a talk with the school shrink.How about you? Me? I was so well adjusted, they elected me prom queen.Well, Robbie's scores are off the chart, indicating a high level of adaptability and socialization.Not the kid we saw.His dad must have coached him.He had all the personality tests, the literature.Wasn't taking any chances.Well, it worked.She was recommending him for admission.Then why would David Bishop get the idea that she wasn't? I have no idea how Mr.Bishop could've gotten that impression.I was never anything but absolutely positive about Robbie's joining our program.I wanted him.You told Mr.Bishop that? That would've been impolitic.I had to wait for Kim's evaluation.I mean, what do those evaluations tell you, anyway? These kids are bound to be maladjusted.They've never fit in anywhere.But here, they're with their own kind.You've created a safe haven for them.I'd like to think so.And if Robbie acts out, I mean, it's nothing you're gonna take too seriously.That's right.It was just a normal reaction to his special circumstances.So he acted out, then.That's not what I said.You said his acting out was normal.What did he do that you didn't take seriously? When he came for his first interview in my office, he fainted.His father said he had the flu.What did you think it was? Stress, obviously.This was the most important interview of his young life.Why wasn't this incident in Ms.Stevens' file? Because I didn't tell her.It was immaterial to his suitability.Uh, you have classes seven days a week? The children only attend six days.Saturdays for some, Sundays for others, depending upon their religious persuasion.- Saturdays for Robbie? - Yes.Did he know he'd have to go to school on Saturdays? Absolutely.We make it clear when the children apply the level of commitment that we expect from them.Would you like to go to a Little League game? I talked to Dr.Leonard.She doesn't think you're giving 100%.But I'm doing the best I can.Nothing is more important than your education.- You know that, right? - I know.I might not always be there to remind you.Where are you going? Nowhere.All I'm saying is I want you to concentrate harder.You have your lunch? All right.See you at 4:00.I remember this kid from the tryout.He knew a lot about baseball.Did he show up by himself? No.His mother was there, in the stands.I remember.He pointed her out to me.Yeah, that's her.These kids, they know that their games and practices are on Saturdays, right? Yeah.We tell them at the tryout.Thanks.He knew if he got accepted into Leonard's program, he wouldn't be able to make the games.But he signed up anyway, five days before Leonard made her picks.Robbie must've been convinced he wouldn't be admitted.Or else he was making sure he wouldn't be by lying to his father, telling him that Kim Stevens was giving him a negative evaluation.Hoping like any normal 10-year-old his dad would then just forget about the school.Not realizing that his dad is not like any normal 40-year-old.If he really didn't wanna be in this program, why not just tell his father? Oh, and risk disappointing the only parent that he has left? It's much safer for him to lay the blame on Kim Stevens.Her notes suggest they had a good relationship.Couldn't he have confided in her? Well, maybe he tried to tell her in his own way.The Greek symbols in his math equations.Anything more overt might have put him in direct conflict with his dad.When no one picked up on how depressed this poor kid was, lying was his only way out.Now you need the truth from him, what he told his father, what he knows about his father's whereabouts the night of the killings, assuming you can talk to the boy without his father.The only place Robbie's away from his dad is at the university.We'd need Leonard's permission to talk to him there.I imagine I could persuade her.You want to subject a minor child to a police interrogation without his father being present or even notified? It wouldn't be an interrogation.He's a witness, not a suspect.I could be sued for allowing it! You could be charged if you don't.That is ridiculous.If I thought that there was abuse, I would do something about it.Even if it meant losing Robbie Bishop as one of your students? Of course.Yeah.A profoundly gifted child who graduated high school at age seven? Who scored a perfect 800 on his math SAT's? Whose IQ was recorded at 246 on the Stanford-Binet scale? Who represents your only chance of one of your students solving a Millennium Prize problem? You would risk losing him over a little fainting spell? I should mention that while I investigate this abuse charge, I can shut down your institute.Which, I'm sure, will generate a great deal of interest from the press.Hey, Dad, I'm ready for school.Good, great.Let me just finish my coffee.Your lunch is right there.Colorado? We're going to Colorado? There's a special school.They heard about you.I don't know.There was something else in the mail.From the Little League.It's okay, Robbie.You're allowed a mistake every now and then.Hey, Robbie.Dr.Leonard told me this is where you like to spend your lunch hour.What are you doing up here? Nothing.I I just wanna talk to you.I don't wanna talk about my dad.We don't have to.We could talk about this.I was wondering what you thought of Boston this year.Boston? What, you don't like Boston? They're leading the league.This week.They choke every time they get a lead.They didn't choke the last time they played the Yankees.Four-zip.Thanks to Jeter, he lost that game.Jeter was safe at second.With the bases loaded, they could've tied the game and gone into extra innings.No way! Look, I Look, I saw that play on the news.He was out by a mile.I saw it happen.He was safe.Why, you You watched the game? Your dad was out that night? No, he was home.Well, you said that your dad doesn't let you watch baseball.Sometimes he does."No added value." That's That's what you said.Come on, Robbie, tell me the truth.Was your dad home? No.Oh.That was Wednesday night.I think the night before you found out you were admitted here? You didn't think you were gonna get in, did you? You thought that you were gonna be playing baseball on Saturdays, instead of being stuck in here.Look, I know that you tried to let people know how you felt about coming here.They wouldn't see it.You told your dad a fib? About Ms.Stevens keeping you out of the program? You hate it in here.You know how I know? You told me.Yeah.You've been thinking about these things a lot.Maybe you thought about hurting yourself.What is it about this place that makes you so unhappy? Is it the other kids? The teachers? Is it the work? The work is too hard? Can I see your book? Please? Has Dr.Leonard seen this? No.- Has your dad? - No.Nobody knows? I just have to try harder.You again.What is it now? Now we're here for you.I have to pick up my son from school in an hour.We already have that covered.You going somewhere? Colorado, maybe? I don't have to answer that.Guess what? Wherever it is you're going, our squad room's on the way.I hope you're not gonna keep me away from Robbie too long.He's still adjusting to being away from home every day.Robbie will be fine.He's a remarkable kid.I know that.Who first noticed he was unique, you or your wife? My wife told me she thought he was bright.But it was your idea to test him? Yes.After she passed away? I owed it to her to help him live up to his potential.He tested well.He maxed out the scale.The Stanford-Binet IQ scale.Right.And the Wechsler Scale.He did that one when he was six.And then he got that perfect score on his math SAT's.That must've been pretty gratifying for you.Because you were something of a math whiz yourself in high school.Where did you hear that? Just from your old report cards.They were among the papers that we took.I did okay in high school.You expect more from yourself than just okay.I mean, if it weren't for the dyslexia, you would've been an "A" student.Twenty-five years ago, they didn't know much about learning disabilities.But you have the drive to succeed, and you found other ways to be recognized.Like being a racecar driver or a rock star.Or the father of a genius.And that's where you put your best efforts.Why not? I mean, that's what being a father is all about, making sure your kid gets the best.Paid off.David, we talked to Dr.Leonard today.And she thinks that he's done it.- Done what? - The Riemann Hypothesis.He's made a breakthrough and solved it.What? Oh, my God, that's That's fantastic! I never dreamed that he'd be able to do it.All our work, it was worth it! Here.Have a look at his workbook.What is this? This doesn't make sense.You sure? Yeah, I'm sure.I know enough about math to know this is What, gibberish? The work of a bright eighth grader wrestling with concepts beyond his comprehension? My son didn't do this.Yes, he did.This is what he does when you're not around.When you're not there to help him.No, no, not my kid.You're not there to finish the Wechsler IQ test for him and work out the answers for the SAT's Robbie did those by himself.The only one he did by himself is the Stanford-Binet and that's only after he memorized the manual you gave to him before taking the test.David, Robbie told us about the memory exercises, about the vocabulary builders, about the constant coaching.That's just how we work together.He's just a little boy.Yeah.A smart little boy with a terrific memory and an overwhelming fear of disappointing his father.But he's not a genius.But you're wrong.He's afraid to tell you.That's why he lied to you about Kim Stevens' intentions.These are her notes on Robbie.She was giving him a positive evaluation.Oh, God.Robbie.I need to see my son.I need to see my son.I need to tell him Robbie! Robbie! I want to talk to him.Robbie.He needs me.He's fine.His aunt and uncle are on their way down from Massachusetts.You want to help your son? I want to talk to him.Robbie You have to own up to the murders.Tell the truth.Why? You confess, there's no trial.There's no need for us to bring in Robbie to testify that That you weren't home that night.There's no need for him to know that the lie that he told you is the reason why you k*lled Kim Stevens.You can spare him that knowledge.Okay.Okay.m*rder two, two counts, concurrent sentences.The worst thing for him? He'll miss Robbie's college graduation.
02x03 - Anti-ThesisQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:15In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.until George finally pulled me aside and explained the difference between hegemony and hominy.In any event, the reason that I crashed this wonderful gathering, George, was to thank you for your years of service as Chairman of the Department of American Studies.Well, have you made a decision on my replacement? No.You know, if Sanders doesn't get the chair, he's threatening to leave.George, it has to be my decision along with the regents'.I mean, Sanders is a brilliant teacher when he bothers to show up to class.But with lectures and talk shows He even did an ad for the Gap.And where is he today? Probably still working on that rap record.Dr.Winthrop? Well, what can I do for you, Mark? I need to talk to you about another extension on my dissertation./ Hmm.I was hoping you could speak to the new chair Well, as soon as there is one, you can speak to him or her yourself.I can't believe he said rap record.Sanders will flip his afro.Hello, Mark.Were you waiting for one of us? Mmm-mmm.So, if Winthrop's soured on Sanders, does that put you in the lead? Winthrop doesn't much like me, either.My critique of patriarchy in academia hit a little too close to home.Oh, donnez-moi un break.I thought the politics at Oxford were insane.You know why the battles in academia are so vicious? It's because the stakes are so low.Are you sure? I distinctly heard him say him or her.And "her" can only mean Dr.Fellowes.I talked to her last week.She said it was obvious I'd never finish my dissertation, and it was time to let someone else have my spot.I'd hate to see that happen, Mark.A decade of hard work down the drain.Now if you were head of the department, would you But I'm not head of the department.That's up to Winthrop.You know that.How dare you characterize anything I do as a rap record.Call it whatever you want.I prefer "danceable education." I expect my professors to be in the classroom, teaching.I'm not your professor.Just because you run this university like a plantation, don't make you massa and we your field hands.I came here to discuss the future of American Studies at Hudson University.I am the future of American Studies.And if you don't make me head of the department, I will leave.And sue you for discrimination.Dig? We may be here awhile, Kate.I'll make coffee.How did you get in here? What are you doing? No! No! Law & Order CI The guard saw them come in at around 9:15.We'll need a list of everybody with keys to the building.Any idea what Winthrop was doing here with his secretary? Well, the guy who should know, the vice-rector, Mr.Frisch, well, he doesn't know.Nothing in his book.Just a breakfast meeting with something called the "AS Committee." Ask Mr.Frisch what that is.The k*ller came out from the front.Winthrop He raised his arm, took the first blow to his wrist from a A blunt instrument with a round striking face.The k*ller chose a w*apon that would have meaning.A gavel.The k*ller wanted justice.Winthrop came in the room.The k*ller was already waiting.Winthrop turned on the light, and the k*ller att*cked him.The secretary had gone to make coffee, she walked in on it.She tried to get away.Mr.Frisch, when's the last time you spoke to Mr.Winthrop? Around 5:00.And that meeting you asked about, it was a search committee for the American Studies Department.They're deciding on a new chairman for the department.Does Miss Robbins live alone? I believe she has a roommate.Apartment of Kate Robbins Wednesday, September 26 Oh, my God, what am I gonna tell her parents? They're supposed to come up from Charleston this weekend.Did you see her last night? When I came back from the gym, she was working on her computer and listening to a CD.And she was listening on these? Yes.I think there was something wrong with the CD.Why do you say that? She kept pressing stop and play, stop and play.Well, there's no CD in here.- Did you see her leave? - Yes.She grabbed something out of her printer.She said she had to go to Winthrop's office for a couple of hours to work.Here's the last document she printed.Hey, it's lyrics.The writer came of age in the '60s and '70s, probably in the Bay Area, Oakland.Here, "Flipping Pancakes for Preschoolers." That's the Black Panthers' breakfast program.And he works for Hudson University.Okay, how do you figure that? Here, "Massa will go the way of the Dutchman's mercenary "who gave his name to the plantation." Henry Hudson sailed for the Dutch East India Company.He's the Dutchman's mercenary, and the plantation is Hudson University.And massa would be Winthrop.So the writer's middle-aged, African-American, from California, works at the university.And wanted Winthrop to disappear like Henry Hudson.You could tell all that just from these lyrics? Do you know why Dr.Winthrop had his secretary transcribe the lyrics to your CD? You're asking the wrong person.Unfortunately, we can't ask the right persons.You're up for the chairmanship of your department, right? Winthrop was meeting with the search committee? The committee had already voted to approve my recommendation.Well, maybe Massa Winthrop was hoping your lyrics would change their mind.What is this about? Your whereabouts Tuesday night.I was in my office, here, grading papers.These papers here? Yes, sure, those papers."Bitch: Gender Metaphors in the American Literary Tradition." These courses sound like a lot of fun.I try to keep things lively.This is cool here, what you wrote in the margin."Civilization, an old bitch gone in the teeth." Did you make that up? No, Ezra Pound did.Can anybody vouch you were here all evening? Valerie Goodman, she's one of my teaching assistants.Good old Ezra Pound.I was checking footnotes for Professor Sanders' next book until about 10:00.He told us he was grading papers on gender metaphors.That sounds right.He made an interesting notation on one of the papers."Civilization, an old bitch gone in the teeth." It's by Ezra Pound.Did you know that? No, but it sounds like Pound.Professor Sanders knew it was Pound.Why wouldn't he? Well, he would.But you see, the person who made the notation, the person who actually graded the paper, attributed the quote to T.S.Eliot.Professor Sanders wasn't in that night grading papers, was he? True or false, Miss Goodman? And we don't give incompletes.He said he had a dinner with some people from NYU about a job offer.How long was the dinner? He came back around 8:30.- He was in a bad mood.- Why? He didn't say.He just shut himself in his office and got on the phone.Then he left at 9:30.He told me if anybody asked, he was grading papers all night.I'm sorry.It's okay, Valerie.Thanks.Doesn't sound like he got that job offer.That would make him more desperate to get his promotion here.Except Miss Goodman alibis him for the time of the m*rder.He made a call from his office.Professor Sanders is a charismatic teacher surrounded by impressionable minds.Students lie for him.Maybe one of them k*lled for extra credit.Doorknobs in Winthrop's office had been wiped clean.No witnesses who saw anybody leave the administration building.Any candidates for the extra credit? We've cleared Sanders' teaching assistants.Now we're looking at the PhD students in American Studies.Sanders is their advisor.He's probably known some of them for years.How's this for a dissertation topic? "Fighting in the Captain's Tower."The Influence of T.S.Eliot and Ezra Pound on American Popular Culture." Sounds like the same guy who graded Sanders' papers.Yeah, and confused Eliot and Pound.Mark Bayley.He's been working on this dissertation for 10 years.Don't universities put a clock on these things? Bayley's gotten five extensions.And a nice chunk of change in student loans.Office of Mark Bayley Hudson University Friday, September 28 Professor Sanders travels a lot, so I offered to grade those papers.Is that why your thesis is taking so long, you're too busy doing favors for Professor Sanders? My thesis is coming along fine."The old bitch gone in the teeth." That's Pound, right? No, Eliot.Professor Sanders says it's Pound.You sleep here? I'm between apartments.Besides your student loans, how do you support yourself? I work at the library on Saturdays.Well, at least you eat healthy.I told you it was Pound.Maybe that's why your thesis is taking so long.When'd you quit? You've got nicotine gum.Two years ago.When does your current extension run out? At the end of this semester? It's just a technicality.Winthrop's phone logs have you calling him every day about it.You were practically stalking him.That's not true.Anyway, extensions are up to the chair of the department.The new chair.Your hero, Professor Sanders.Sanders call you Tuesday night to see Winthrop? No, I was here Tuesday night.Nobody called me.What about your girlfriend? What girlfriend? The one who bought you these shoes.- I bought them.- No, you didn't.Those are the kind of shoes you buy.Converse, Vans.Come on, these are Well, they definitely have a woman's touch.I bought these shoes myself.I had a wedding.You wore tan shoes to a wedding? Yes, I wore tan shoes.You people are wasting my time.Not just any tan shoes.$2,000-a-pair John Lobb tan shoes.We could just ask.See anything you like? I don't see anything I don't like.My wife thinks I need a new pair of everyday shoes.Well, I should say.Darling.These? I don't know.The whole ankle-boot thing I know.You really liked the pair that Mark was wearing.He said he bought them here recently.Not him, his girlfriend.Mark never pays for anything unless he has to.Do you see the shoes here? Not the exact shoe.Oh, I'm starting to get frustrated.Well, you'd have a record of what they bought, right? I mean, you could look it up.Mark's early thirties, curly hair.Student at Hudson, orange backpack, chews gum, nicotine gum.Oh, yes, yes.He came in wearing skateboard loafers.But his girlfriend, she's a stunner.Then again, I'm a sucker for the take-charge type.Oh, you noticed that about her.She must've made him try on 30 pairs.She was whipping him into shape.Not that he seemed to mind.Oh, here they are.It was a pair of double-buckle Williams.Look at how Elizabeth spells her last name.Hitchens with an "E".Is her number on there? I want to ask her to dinner Saturday night.What a good idea.Excuse me.Isn't that the Hudson University switchboard? She did say something about being a visiting professor.A professor? Well, he didn't tell us that.Your cousin's a very bad boy.Thanks.Apartment of Elizabeth Hitchens Saturday, September 29 Terrible business, this m*rder.My colleagues at Oxford gave me dire warnings about America.And this just confirms their worst fears.Well, we hope it doesn't sour you on our country.Oh, heavens, no.A little danger keeps you on your toes.This place doesn't look all that dangerous.Hudson's taking good care of you.Actually, an Oxford alumnus volunteered it.He's spending the year abroad.So rather than having the flat sit empty How lucky for you.Well, I assume that my good fortune isn't what brought you here.You are obviously here to talk to me about Winthrop's m*rder, which I'm sorry to say I know nothing about.We're going with the theory it's somebody at the university.Well, everyone knows that academics are all talk and no action.Does that include you? If it did, I would've stayed in my cozy little office on Manor Road lecturing women's writing and punting on the Cherwell on the weekends.No skinny-dipping in Parson's Pleasure? Very good, Detective.Did you memorize the Oxford tour guide on your way here? No.No, I spent a couple of weeks there once chasing coeds.Took you that long to catch one? I'm shocked.Well, that's very funny, Professor.Does Mark Bayley find you funny? He might, if he had a sense of humor.I don't know him that well.Well enough to buy him a pair of shoes.Just a gesture.You know graduate students.They never have a pot to piss in, and Bayley was on his uppers, literally.I see you like opera.These tickets for Don Giovanni.Yes.Not my favorite.I lean towards Penderecki.I hate to be a spoilsport, but did you see Bayley Tuesday night? No.Why would I? You might have, if you were having an affair with him.Well, that would be against university policy.The bottom line, she didn't alibi Bayley.No.But she lied about having an affair with him.Men only let two kinds of women buy shoes for them, their mommies and their significant others.Hitchens' work visa expires in three months.Any extension has to be supported by the new chairman of her department.Assuming Sanders would support her and that she even wants to stay.She's bought a new subscription for the opera.She's applied for a driver's license.She's making herself at home.I didn't tell them about the shoes.It's that big detective who noticed them.That big detective is smart.He traced the shoes to the store.The whole thing's coming apart.People think Sanders had something to do with it.Now he won't get the chairmanship.It'll blow over.What? Nothing.Just have your gum and get into bed.I doubt if Roland Sanders would want to keep Elizabeth on.He once accused her of being an apologist for Australia's shabby treatment of the aborigines.- She's Australian? - Mmm-hmm.A graduate of the University of Sydney.Well, you could never tell by her accent.What else do you know about her? Well, she ran an educational foundation in Australia.Rising star at Oxford.If she's a rising star at Oxford, why leave in the first place? I don't know.Whatever her plans, they don't matter now.Sanders has no hope of becoming chair.His candidacy is tainted.Who's next in line? Christine Fellowes.It's pretty much a lock.Office of Christine Fellowes Hudson University Monday, October 1 In theory, I wouldn't be opposed to offering someone of Elizabeth's caliber a permanent position.In theory.What about in practice? I'm not head of the department yet.Please, the regents will decide on Friday.- But you're already packing.- Well Let me help you with this.Penderecki.The Devils of Loudon.You like opera? I'm getting to.This was a gift.There was a beautiful performance of Don Giovanni the other night.You would've loved it.I did.A friend took me.Friends with good taste, huh? One more thing.This professional student, Mark Bayley, would you give him an extension if you became chair? He's already written a thousand pages of his thesis and he's nowhere near done.He needs to go.Professor Hitchens will be sorry.Why would she? She thinks he's an idiot.Oh, no.I think she's been able to overlook his shortcomings.They've become close friends.At least, that's what we heard.I Your source is wrong.Elizabeth wouldn't violate university policy.Not if she wanted to be asked back.In American literature, the descent into madness is usually preceded by obsession.A consuming obsession.Example, anyone? All right.I'll get you started.Moby-d*ck.What characterizes Ahab's obsession? Yes, in the back.The dogged, unrelenting pursuit of evil.Interesting, evil.I always fancied it was man's unrelenting pursuit of his own potency.All right, everyone, I expect you to make a dent in Moby-d*ck by the end of the week.Sometimes a whale is just a whale.Nothing is ever just something.Not even detectives.Or professors.Or graduate students, for that matter.That sounds a bit ominous.Well, it's certainly not good news for Mark Bayley.We're about to arrest him for Winthrop's m*rder.Am I expected to run and warn him? Because you've seriously misconstrued my relationship with him.But you can settle a bet for me.My partner thinks that Bayley acted alone.But I think that I think that Professor Sanders He put him up to it.Why do you think that? Well, Sanders, he had the most to gain from Winthrop's m*rder.And the k*lling, well, it required qualities that elude Bayley.Planning, organization.I mean, you agree? Well, you're not wrong about Mark.There is a reason why he hasn't finished his thesis.He has no discipline.I heard his thesis runs a thousand pages.T.S.Eliot and Ezra Pound have a love child and his name is Bob Dylan.I mean, donnez-moi un break.This is what passes for scholarship in this country? So you don't think popular culture's fair game? Well, Mark's is the worst kind of pop literary analysis.Pathetic attempt to synthesize high and low culture.It wouldn't butter your parsnips.You're right.We did misconstrue your relationship.No, Mark.Well, just tell them you don't know anything.You don't know, you don't remember.Yes, those are all good answers.No, I can't see you tonight.Look, Mark, you'll be fine.Yes, same here.Who was that on the phone? It was Bayley.Why is he calling your cell phone? I was calling him back, silly.He's worried because his great mentor Roland Sanders has fallen out of favor, and he wants me to put in a good word for him with you.Why does he think you can help him? Well, he's under the strange delusion that you and I are friends.Major Case Squad Interview Room Tuesday, October 2 Hey, that's quite a woman you got there.A real take-charge lady, Elizabeth Hitchens.I don't know.The clerk at the shoe store said she had you jumping through hoops.I don't remember.Well, let's face it, Mark.That's exactly the kind of woman a guy like you needs.Somebody that helps you, you know, keep those thoughts focused.Do what has to be done, right? I don't know.Like k*lling Winthrop.I mean, that was her idea.No.It wasn't anybody's idea.We're pretty sure it wasn't Sanders'.I'm sure it wasn't yours.I mean, even Hitchens thinks that someone would have had to put you up to it.What do you mean, she thinks? Well, she said that you didn't have any discipline.That's why you Well, you never finished your thesis.The title, "Fighting in the Captain's Tower," that's Dylan, right? Ezra Pound and T.S.Eliot fighting in the captain's tower.Desolation Row.The whole album's a touchstone of American literature.That's my thesis.Exactly.What Hitchens said, exactly, is, "Donnez-moi un break." I'm trying to remember what else she said."The worst kind of pop literary analysis." She said it was brave."A pathetic attempt to synthesize high and low culture." No, no.- You're making it up.- Oh.How did she put it? "It wouldn't butter your parsnips." I'm not making it up, am I? She used you, Mark, to k*ll Winthrop, to discredit Sanders, so the promotion would go to her friend, Christine Fellowes.Her close and intimate friend.Oh, my God.Oh, God.What did I do? You want to tell us what happened? She told me to She planned it.I'll get a stenographer.She told Winthrop to meet her at his office.Why did I listen to her? How did you get in the building? She gave me a key.She took it from Professor Fellowes.She said she never uses it.You still have it? No.I gave it back.Mark, are you all right? Call the paramedics! There's no pulse.He just stopped breathing.Bayley d*ed of anaphylactic shock brought on by an allergic reaction.A reaction to what? They don't know yet.We're waiting for the tox report and Bayley's medical records.Before he d*ed, he implicated Hitchens.His statement's of no use now.Have you heard from Scotland Yard? They have no outstanding warrants for Hitchens, no open investigations.Bayley's allergic reaction was to peanuts, specifically peanut oil.The nicotine gum.She spiked it with a needle through the packaging.She knew he was a liability.When I went to her class, she knew what I was doing.She knew I'd use her words to turn him.We can't assume she knew he had an allergy.It's in his medical records.He might have mentioned it to her.What I had in mind was proof she knew.Well, it depends if Bayley eats alone.Two months ago, he was rushed to Emergency from a Thai restaurant.Peanuts are a common ingredient in Thai cooking.Thai King Friday, October 5 Yes, I remember them.He got very sick.They should have told us he was allergic to peanuts.- Who ordered? - The woman.She ordered som tum.Green papaya salad.Thai chili, fish sauce and peanuts.Well, it's clearly marked which dishes have peanuts.Didn't he see this? Sure.But the woman ordered in Thai.So Bayley wouldn't understand.She speak fluent Thai? Yes, but low-class.Did she say how she learned it? She said she lived in Thailand 15 years ago.She say where? I asked.She laughed.She said in Chatuchak.Chatuchak is the location of the Lard Yao Maximum Women's Prison.I did a search for Australian women who had been imprisoned in Thailand.I found one who matched Hitchens.Nicole Wallace.She and her French boyfriend were convicted of k*lling eight male tourists in Thailand.She'd seduce them, they'd rob them and he'd k*ll them.At the trial, she testified against him.He got life, she served 10 years and got deported back to Australia.It could be her.The Australian Consulate's getting me a passport photo of the real Elizabeth Hitchens.The one who was studying at the University of Sydney while Nicole Wallace was in prison.Wallace passed herself off as a professor of literature.Quite a feat.Well, maybe it was catching up to her.That might explain why she's desperate to establish herself here.Then where's the real Professor Hitchens? Nicole Wallace k*lled the real Elizabeth Hitchens, applied for a passport in her name and went off to Oxford.This woman's very, very good.Oh, good, you're both here.Can we come in? We heard.It's official.- Congratulations.- Thank you.Now that you're chair of the department, you can give your friend that permanent job she's wanted so much.Well, I don't know about that.She's a real catch.Now I could be wrong, but there can't be many Oxford professors who've spent time in Thai prison.For eight murders, no less.Are we meant to take this seriously? It's thanks to her you got your promotion.She helped Mark Bayley k*ll Winthrop.You can stop right now.Bayley told us the whole story before he d*ed from poisoning.I don't believe any of this.Prove it for yourself.She stole the key to the administration building from you and gave it to Bayley.I would've noticed.She slipped it back on your key ring.Except Bayley gave her back the wrong key by mistake.He gave her his spare to his office.You've really outdone yourselves, Detectives.Well, let's check Bayley's office.This should be the administration key.It's you who outdid yourself, Nicole.That is your name, Nicole Wallace? This is utter nonsense, Christine.It's a trick.I didn't take your key.You did sleep with him.You lied to me.For heaven's sake, Christine.I can't have you here.You're relieved of your duties as of immediately.In that case, you're under arrest.For what? You just got fired.You're in violation of your work visa.Nothing has happened to Elizabeth Hitchens because I am Elizabeth Hitchens.I mean, do you honestly think that I could fool the dons of Oxford for one minute if I wasn't who I say I am? You had plenty of time to read in Lard Yao Prison.My dear woman, there is more to literary scholarship than reading books.Nobody said you aren't bright, Nicole.- Elizabeth.- Nicole.The game's up.You botched the key exchange.Bayley gave you the wrong key.You know bloody well that that's not true.No, I don't bloody well know.But the real culprit does.Now you see the problem.You can't expose our trick without exposing your own culpability.And you know what that's called, your being an expert on the modern American novel and all.Yes, well, I never much cared for Heller.Look, you can bang on all you want, but I am invoking my right to be silent.No, you don't have that right.I know what rights are, and I'm also invoking my right to an attorney.No, you don't have that right either.What are you talking about? You're a foreign national with no green card, no tourist visa, no valid work permit.That makes you a person with no status.I can keep you as long as I want to.Until we build a case against you.You wouldn't dare.What do you mean, I can't see her? I have been retained by the university to represent her.She's in this country illegally.She is here employed under the terms of a valid work visa.I reinstated her.I found out the police changed the lock on Bayley's office so that it could be opened with a key to the administration building.The whole thing was a sham.We still believe Miss Hitchens is here under false pretenses.You're not entitled access to her.We'll see.I'm walking down the block into federal court and filing for a writ of habeas corpus.If you really are Elizabeth Hitchens, this will be easy.Just tell me the name of the educational foundation in Melbourne.I don't have it in my papers.I'm sure that that's a lie.And if I am impersonating Elizabeth Hitchens, don't you think that I would have committed her entire work history to memory? That's my social security number and my birth date.Yes, it's remarkable the fountain of information that can spring from those little numbers.Home address, next of kin, mother's maiden name, mother's address.Tell me, Robert, how often do you get up to the Carmel Ridge Center? Once a week.And a phone call every day.How old were you when you first realized it? No.You want to play, then it's gonna have to be tit for tat.You have to tell me something true about you, about Nicole.All right.I did meet Nicole before I left for England.She told me things.Where is she now? I don't know.Carried away by dingoes? It happens a lot in Australia.What did she tell you? She told me that she enjoyed being under the thumb of her French boyfriend, that relinquishing responsibility to him gave her the unimaginable freedom to commit violent crimes without any guilt at all.My turn.How old were you when you first realized your mommy wasn't like all the other mommies? Seven.Were you ashamed? And frightened.It's my turn.How old were you when your father first molested you? It's the only explanation for your intense hatred for men.The murders in Thailand were an attempt to correct the tragedy of your childhood.To punish your abuser, absolving yourself of guilt by using a man to k*ll other men.And not that you think much of women either, but since your mother was too scared and too drunk, too self-absorbed - No.- To protect you.None of those things happened.None of those things are true.No, that's why you can't form connections.That's why you use sex as an exercise in self-hatred.That's why when you came back from Thailand you supported yourself with prostitution, didn't you, Nicole? I am Elizabeth Hitchens.I am a professor of literature at No.No! When I met you, you wanted me to know who you truly were.How smart, how funny, how charming you are.You wanted me to know you, Nicole Wallace.The sparkling little girl who survived horrible abuse with her wits intact.Professor Hitchens.Nicole.I was retained by the university to represent you.The federal court has issued a writ of habeas corpus ordering your immediate release.I advise you to leave with me.Now, please.That foundation that you asked me about in Melbourne, it was the George Hurstwood Foundation.Come on.I'm sorry, Detective.There was nothing I could do.No, the foundation, it's called the New Covenant Foundation.Why did she say the George Hurstwood? She was trying to tell me something? George Hurstwood.Well, it's Sister Carrie.It's a novel by Theodore Dreiser.George Hurstwood was a saloonkeeper who stole money from his boss' safe.Nicole used the name of a thief to I need to call Melbourne.Okay.Thank you.Yes, we'll be back in touch.The Melbourne police recently started investigating the financial affairs of the New Covenant Foundation.They suspect that five years ago $400,000 were embezzled by the then-president of the foundation.Elizabeth Hitchens.The real Elizabeth Hitchens.Nicole Wallace stole the identity of an embezzler.I'm sure she didn't know it at the time.She found out when she heard about the investigation.She knew the Australians would catch up to her in England.They'd extradite her back home.That's why she wants US citizenship.Because non-violent financial crimes aren't covered by US extradition treaties.If she became a citizen, the Australians couldn't touch her.She's not a citizen yet.She's gone.I came here, the door was open, her things were gone.I'll call the airports.What did you think, she'd have scones and a glass of sherry for us?
02x04 - Best DefenseQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:16In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.Sir, everything all right? Yes, sure, Officer, I'm fine.Peter Bonham.New York District Attorney's office.We're here to interview a witness.Where's your witness? He's a no-show.You gentlemen be careful.Yes, sir.Now can we go? - Too bad he didn't show up.- Hmm.He was probably scared off.I should've gone by myself.I could've put three more burglary raps on Walters.Peter, do you need a feather in your cap that badly? Excuse me.Hello? Yes, who's this? What? Oh, my God.Well, where How is Yes, yes, yes, I'm writing it down.I will.Did you call 911? I'll be there.Just, please, call 911.It's Linda.- They said she passed out.- Where? Some tenement uptown, she was meeting a pro bono client, they can't wake her.They found my number in her wallet.They called you before they called 911? It doesn't sound right.You should try calling her on your cell phone.Linda? Oh, thank God.Where are you? I'll explain later.I'll see you at home.She was having lunch at Chanterelle.That is really weird.Maybe not.What are you talking about? The phantom witness.Now this phone call.No.No.It's just probably some stupid prank.Who do you think is doing this? Someone you prosecuted? Maybe it was one of your old clients, maybe they feel you didn't argue their case with enough zeal? Mommy? Mommy, I made you a drawing.Oh, sweetie, that is beautiful! It's your office, Mommy.And that's me.Can you draw a picture with you in Daddy's office? No.Your office is yucky.Well, Sara, if you draw me a nice picture, I'll put it in my office and then it won't be so yucky.Okay.Mommy, come help me.Okay.The seats are right behind the dugout.Linda's at a trial attorney's convention in San Francisco that week.I have to be with Sara.Ah, just bring her.You know, you could stuff her full of hot dogs.I'll see you tomorrow.Shut up, you do.Mr.Bonham, what happened? Are you okay? Yeah, yeah.The brakes, I couldn't stop.You said the brakes? Yeah.I kept pressing down but nothing happened.What are you doing? I know something about cars.No wonder your brakes didn't work.Somebody punched a hole in your brake line.Law & Order CI The lines had been perforated so the brakes would go out on your way home.I take the FDR home.I could've been k*lled.Do you drive your car to work every day? Oh, just Wednesdays.I pick up my daughter at her swimming lessons.I take her out for Chinese food.Did you trace the address of that tenement uptown? It was an abandoned building.I can't believe Ron, if you hadn't told me to call Linda on her cell phone, I The no-show witness, who did he have information on? Eric Walters.Walters is looking at two-to-four on a simple burglary.Until we know what's what, I'd like to post a patrol car in front of your home.No.I don't want to alarm my family.Anyway, Linda's out of town this week in San Francisco.I'll send Sara to stay with her grandmother.That still leaves you.I have a carry permit for it.I do not intend to be a sitting duck.His list of cases, larcenies, fraud, possession.All low-profile nonviolent crimes.I take it he's not one of your starters.Peter may not be the most brilliant prosecutor in our office, but right now he's the one in the most danger.Let me know what you find out.Rikers Island Correctional Facility Thursday, April 18 I got no beef with Mr.Bonham.He's got his job and I got mine.What's that, burglary, accessory to m*rder? I don't get with no m*rder.Someone used your name to lure Bonham to a phony meeting at Hunts Point.That's like saying somebody picked his name out of a phone book.Hey, man, Mr.Bonham gets k*lled, I don't see it helps my case.Does it? Eric, be quiet.It was nice talking to you.I wonder how many other inmates have asked the same question.If a prosecutor dies during a case? No inmate's asked for information on that specific question.What about the legal issues it would raise? Most likely the right to a speedy trial.A Sixth Amendment issue.Everybody here wants to know about the Sixth Amendment.Big caseload, Counselor? I'm just working on my own case.Really? You were charged with r*pe? You're researching People v.Williams.That's all about a defendant's access to a victim's sexual history.What do you want, Detective? Have any inmates asked you about the legal impact of a prosecutor's untimely death? That would be privileged information.There's no privilege for jailhouse lawyers.I can make the argument there is if the client had an expectation his communications with me would remain confidential.Oh, brother.No, actually, Eames, he has a very good point.But in this case, rule 1.6 of the ABA Code of Conduct would apply.Even if the client told me of an impending crime, the code doesn't impose any affirmative obligation on me.It's my call.And the code also says a lawyer must refrain from morally reprehensible conduct.Since you have discretion to breach the privilege, not doing so when a life is at stake is morally reprehensible.Artie Kahn.He made bail last week.You called my lawyer, right? We talked to your other lawyer.Other lawyer? The one in Rikers.The one you told you were going to whack your prosecutor, Peter Bonham.I never told him that.I just asked what would happen if Bonham up and d*ed.And you said it just like that, out of intellectual curiosity? Yeah, out of that.It just so happens, somebody's been trying to k*ll Bonham.They cut the brakes on his car.- No way.- Yeah.Whoever did this would've gotten brake fluid on their hands.Brake fluid leaves a residue.No matter how much you wash, - you can't get it off.- You can't see it either.You know what this is? It's a towelette thing.It's a special towelette thing.It has a liquid on it that reacts with brake fluid residue.If you have any brake fluid residue on your hands, it shows up.Go ahead, Artie.Wipe your hands.I didn't cut no brake line.Then why the questions about Bonham dropping dead? Because two weeks ago I was at Rikers, on the phone, and there was a guy on the phone next to me, talking about Bonham having an accident.Is it this guy? I didn't really look, you know.I had my back to the guy.You were listening.What did he say, his exact words? He was gonna pay good money for Bonham to have an accident.A permanent accident.Did you know that they're sh**ting chicken eggs through a shower head, boiling it, mixing it with sea brine and calling it caviar? Hello, everybody? Ah, our dedicated civil servant.Honey, the play starts in 45 minutes.I'll just change shirts.Oh, a Detective Goren called you.He said he tried you at the office, but you had already left.I'll call him tomorrow.Something wrong? Well, I can't find the Pomerol.I asked you to bring it up this morning.I thought you said any old Merlot.Could you be a sweetheart and get it from the cellar? - Sure.- Okay.We found the best place to buy caviar.In Istanbul.Have you been? No.We're always wanting to travel, but with Peter's busy schedule I came down to get a bottle of wine.I was about to turn the corner when I heard a noise.He sh*t at me.I I sh*t back.He was trying to k*ll me.There's one round missing.Serial number's been filed off.I got burglary tools in here.Lock-pick set, diamond chisels, cordless drill, the guy was trying to make it look like a burglary gone bad.This is what we're supposed to think he was after.Gary Burke.Work ID.Bartender downtown.He's gonna be late.Burke was feeling lucky.Stopped by the OTB this afternoon.Must be a couple grand's worth of bets here.Check the locks for lubricant.Both sides of the door.Yes, sir.Just covering all the bases.Do you use the basement door often? No.I think the lock's rusted.Oh, well, it's working fine now.Well, of course it's working.This man's a burglar.He knows how to open locks.Why assume he's a burglar? Well, he came for the safe.Didn't you see it? We did.What do you keep in there? Nothing.It came with the house.We only lock it because of Sara.Well, how would a burglar know about it? Oh, we've had workers down there.They always ask about it.But you don't think it was a burglary.No, but he brought burglary tools with him, maybe to help with the cover story.Cover story? What do you mean? We have an ID on the intruder.Gary Burke.Either of you ever seen him before? No./ You ever prosecute him? He has a long rap sheet, muggings, drug possession.No burglary.No, I don't recognize him.You didn't answer my question.What's going on here? Someone's put a contract out on your husband's life.You can't be serious! The phone call, the car, it's all It's all part of it.Oh, my God, Peter.But he's okay now, right? I mean, he's safe.It depends on how determined this person is.And we have no way of knowing that.Home of Gary Burke Queens, New York Friday, April 19 Mr.Sanchez, what are they doing here? They're cops.Lori lives here with Gary.Where's Gary? He's gotten himself into trouble.What trouble? The trouble somebody gave him a lot of money to get into.I don't know about any money.The two grand he spent at the OTB? The three grand you spent on new dresses, new shoes, new handbags.Gary saved up his bar tips.You're really good at keeping secrets.Me, I just run off at the mouth.For example, I'll probably tell Gary that you were out all evening.Gary knows I was with my friends.Look at your hair.It looks like you just walked out of the shower.I know I'm gonna say something to Gary about your hair.I went to the gym.I took a shower there.Really? They let you smoke cigars at the gym? Because you smell like cigar smoke! I know I'll just blurt that out to Gary.Gee, Lori, thanks to my partner's big mouth, Gary might get the impression you're fooling around with some guy who smokes cigars and lets you use his shower.Please, don't tell him that.He'll hit me.Okay.Let's go from the top.Where did the money come from? I don't know.Gary got a lot of calls from this buddy of his in prison.JoJo Martinez.Please, you can't tell Gary I said anything.I don't think you have to worry about Gary anymore.Gary Burke was apprehended while trying to sh**t one of my colleagues, Peter Bonham.Mr.Burke hasn't yet decided to cooperate with us, but we'd like to give your client first cr*ck at a plea.A plea? Why? You think he's involved? Yes, we do.Of course, if he'd rather wait for Mr.Burke to implicate him Give me a minute to talk to my client Vince, shut up.They're playing you.Gary Burke is dead.How do you know that? PNN, Prison News Network.That's the same place we get our news from.Yeah.One of their reporters heard you on the phone a couple of weeks ago putting out a contract on Bonham.Screw that.Why would I want to hurt that man? Because he's about to put you away for life? You're facing your third felony drug conviction.Bonham told us he turned you down for a plea bargain.That's hardly a motive for m*rder.I don't need to k*ll this DA to b*at this rap.JoJo, let me handle Don't "JoJo" me.- The hell with all of you.- That's a nice What you're wearing.I mean, where'd you get that from? Is that from Peru? What do they call that? A serap A serape.No, it's a S-s-s- Sweater.It's a sweater.Right.Somebody make that for you? I was reviewing Mr.Martinez's case file, and I noticed you missed a filing deadline on a motion to suppress drug evidence.He specifically asked me not to file it.- And why would he do that? - I don't know.I tried to talk to his mother about it.What does she have to do with it? She's paying his legal bills.Or I should say, she was.She stopped three weeks ago.But I still have to do what Martinez says.It sounds like JoJo's getting ready to cut him loose.That only makes sense if he's trading up for a better lawyer.Better lawyers cost more than $200 a week.It begs the question where is Mr.Martinez getting the money to pay for better representation? Same place Gary Burke got his money? JoJo's mom might know.I don't know anything about a new lawyer.I just do what my son tells me.He asked you to stop paying Mr.Quitoriano? I just got behind, that's all.You made JoJo's sweater.He was wearing it when we were talking to him.It's a nice-looking sweater.This one's even more stunning.Eames, look at the sleeve.This raglan sleeve is laid in so effortlessly.Under the seam, at the armpit, it's like a little pouch? I see it.You can hide something in there.Hmm, and there's another one in this sleeve.Just big enough for messages, money, dr*gs.You don't tell us the truth, you could have your visiting privileges revoked.Please, it was just messages.What was in those messages? Were they about the new lawyer? I don't look.But JoJo did get a new lawyer.How is he paying for it? He said it wouldn't cost anything.That the lawyer would work for free.He said she's the best.The new lawyer's a woman.What's her name? I don't know.JoJo said she can fix everything when she gets back from California.All right, Mrs.Martinez.Thank you.And no more sweaters, okay? Bonham's wife was supposed to be in San Francisco next week.JoJo's new lawyer.JoJo's payback for having her husband k*lled.Talk about pro bono.Oh, hi, sweetheart.I didn't know you knew Alfonzo.John? Just from court.He was just asking me about the sh**ting, so Oh.I have a hearing in an hour.Do you wanna get lunch? Peter, can I talk to you? The police suspect Martinez is connected to this attempt on your life.Their suspicions are completely without merit, of course, but, regardless, I want you to recuse yourself from Martinez's drug case.That's not necessary.I can remain objective.Who are you kidding? They think he tried to have you k*lled.Linda, could you explain to your husband why he should Don't talk to her! You wanna have me relieved, make an application.Unless a judge tells me, I am not stepping down.Peter, I don't think that he was being unreasonable.Can we just get lunch? I can't, actually, I have a deposition at 1:00.So, I'll see you tonight.Linda Bonham's involvement would explain how Gary Burke got into their house using a door with a rusted lock.Not to mention, she was working hard to sell the burglary cover story.She's one of the most respected trial attorneys in the city.She is married to a second-rate prosecutor.She may be ready to trade up to something better.That's what divorces are for.She's the bread-winner, she'd end up paying him alimony.Until you present me with incontrovertible proof that she's involved, I will not be applying for warrants, issuing subpoenas nor presenting evidence to a grand jury.I will not embarrass Peter Bonham.Home of Jerry & Allison Selwyn Wednesday, April 24 So, Linda sent poor Peter down to the cellar to fetch the Pomerol and that's when the b*ll*ts started flying.It was her idea to send him down there? Yes.How well did you know the Bonhams? Oh, not well.I met Linda at a brunch.We had common interests.Linda Bonham's interest is in the fact that Allison's sister is on the board of the Canterbury School.She's trying to get her daughter admitted.I already told her they live far too east of Park Avenue to stand a chance of being admitted.Being partner in her law firm doesn't count for anything? Well, some law partnerships are forged in the courtroom, some in the boardroom And the bedroom? Oh, Jerry, knock it off.Oh, no, please, my partner loves rumor and innuendo.Don't take my word for it.Ask Rodney Brooks.He's a litigator at Linda's old law firm, and I'm told that he was one of her stepping stones two years ago.I was a jerk, okay? Linda had just moved to a new firm and made partner.People were envious, they were taking sh*ts at her She slept her way to the top, that sort of thing? Right.So, one night at the cigar club, I don't know, I had one Gibson too many, I made up a story.You know, like I said, I was a jerk.Linda's successful because she is smart and ambitious.Okay? You handle civil lawsuits, right? Ms.Bonham ever work with you? Sometimes.She's good at prepping witnesses.I work mostly with expert witnesses.But ordinary citizens who've never been on the stand before, Linda was the best.You ever work with a witness named JoJo Martinez? I wouldn't remember.He stuttered.That rings a bell.Sure, about four years ago, a landlord-tenant suit.I don't remember the guy's name, but Linda helped him get over his stutter.Could you dig up a file on him by tomorrow? - We could send someone over.- Oh, sure.Martinez's hesitation before words starting with the letter "S"? It's the mark of a former stutterer.That's his name on the witness list for the lawsuit.That's how he knows Ms.Bonham.That's how she came to hire him to k*ll her husband in return for money and future legal representation.The floor is yours, Mr.Quitoriano.You send me an offer in writing, my client will make a statement.I'm sure it's just routine.You know how the police They questioned our friends, my colleagues, they're trading in gossip, it's humiliating.If you weren't one of the best defense attorneys in the city, they wouldn't be doing this to you.They're doing it to you, too, Peter.Your own people! I doubt the DA's office is even aware that Is Ms.Bonham home? What do you want? Linda Bonham, we have a warrant for your arrest.What? What possible grounds could you have? I wanna see the warrant.Put your hands behind your back, please.For God's sake, is that necessary? It's for her own protection.Peter, it doesn't matter.Just call Bill Stanton, tell him what's happening, and tell Sara that I am at work.She'll be at the Major Case Squad.You're insane to think that I would ever hurt Peter.The insanity is you thinking you'd get away with it.But I have no motive! I'm sure we'll find it, maybe in one of these.All your electronic gizmos.Maybe we'll find a boyfriend's number or a message that you forgot to delete.You know what confounds me? With all these gizmos, people still think they can get away with m*rder.What's more confounding is sometimes they do.Your phone has a display for caller ID? Yes.When you get a call, you check the display before answering it? Yes.I don't understand what You screen your calls.Excuse us a minute.Peter Bonham got a call that his wife had passed out, the call to lure him to the abandoned building.He called her to see if she was all right.He called her on her cell phone.His number would've been displayed on her phone.She would've seen it was him calling.If she was really involved in a scheme to lure him to his death She wouldn't have answered her phone.That's right, she wouldn't.But she did.Because she didn't know about any scheme.It's him.He's framing her.He wants to get rid of her.Divorce is out of the question, he wouldn't get a dime.And he can't have her k*lled, he'd be the obvious suspect.But he can send her to jail for life.So far it's working, all the evidence points to her.It won't be easy to get him.He can't know we're on to him.Martinez said he got $20,000 to arrange the hit on Peter Bonham.We just wanna trace it to Linda Bonham.Just dotting all the "I's." Let me know what you come up with.How long are we keeping him in the dark? Until we have an incontrovertible case against Peter Bonham.Starting with tracing the 20,000 back to him.I'm just finding the usual checks, groceries, mortgage, doctor.Which doctor? A Dr.David Kipper on Park Avenue.He was writing him checks every month.Yeah.I've got 11 charges on Bonham's credit card to Kipper in the last year.Look at the deposits made to the Bonham's account.Just the same amount every couple of weeks.Probably paychecks.Bonham's covered under the same city medical plan we are.He pays the doctor, the insurance company sends him a reimbursement check.Well, there's no record he deposited those checks.She's finally asleep.Maybe we should have her stay up at my mother's.I'm worried that she'll hear things at her school.It's pre-school, Linda.They talk about Sponge Bob, not stuff like this.Peter, if you want me to sleep in the guest room, I'll understand.No, no.Don't be silly.Sweetheart, I need to tell you this.I have never cheated on you.Never.You know that, don't you? Sure, of course.And the police said that I was ashamed of you.I mean, that's just not true.I have always admired you for what you do.You don't have to say anything.And when I made partner, I was happy for us, it just meant that our life would be better.And Sara's.The insurance company says two years ago Bonham stopped depositing the reimbursement checks and started just cashing them.He's been hoarding the money.- How much are we talking about? - About $25,000.All from routine doctor's visits, check-ups, little aches and pains.He's used his insurance money to build a w*r chest to frame his wife.Two years ago Bonham won a conviction over George Kolinsky for a drug case.Kolinsky got 20 years.Hired a new lawyer and appealed.The conviction was overturned, most of the charges were set aside.Kolinsky ended up serving a year.- All thanks to his new lawyer.- Linda Bonham.The guy's a prosecutor.He knows losing a case is part of the game.There's losing.And then there's losing to your wife.And then there's getting your balls handed to you on a platter.His wife had just made partner, there were rumors of infidelities.The guy stayed with her for two years, sleeping in the same bed, just waiting for payback? This guy's a poster boy for passive-aggressive personality disorder.He doesn't confront his wife, he doesn't argue with her, he doesn't contradict her.Instead he uses us, the police, the DA's office to nail her.It's time we let Mr.Carver know he's prosecuting the wrong person.We can't tell him without Bonham finding out.You want me to keep Carver out of the loop? Okay.We'll tell him when we're ready.Any idea when that will be? Bonham's done a great job of burying his wife.There is someone who might be able to help us dig her out.JoJo Martinez.My client laid everything out in his statement.He called Miss Bonham twice.That's when she told him what she wanted.She sent the money to his mother, and Gary Burke collected his share from Mrs.Martinez.How did you know when to call Miss Bonham? She s-s-sent the notes to my mother with the phone number and when to call.The notes your mother sewed into the sweaters? My mother didn't know what was going down.The number you called, you still have it? No.It was different numbers both times.C-c-cell phone numbers.How did you know it was Ms.Bonham that you were talking to? I mean, did you recognize her voice? No.She just s-s-said who she was.And it was the same lady both times? I guess.I don't know.The s-s-second time she called she said she had a cold.Was there any chit-chat or just business? Just business.She told me what she wanted me to do and that was that.The numbers he called were probably prepaid cell phones.Untraceable.And the woman he talked to? Most likely two different women.Most likely prostitutes Bonham hired for the occasion.The times the calls were made corresponded to times when Linda Bonham was home alone.With no verifiable alibi.Bonham thought of everything.What's that? It's Martinez's statement.I'm improving it.Three calls? Didn't you just tell me Martinez made two calls? Well, now he's made three.I need to get this re-typed.Don't expect me to beg for a plea bargain for something that I didn't do! Miss Bonham, I'm offering this out of consideration I'm innocent.I know you hear it from defendants all the time, but I am innocent.We have Mr.Martinez's statement.He says he talked to you.It's just not true.Let's show her the statement.It's on the second page when he talks about the phone calls.He lists the calls, date and time.If there's anyone who can verify you didn't get the calls, tell us.Well, these first two, I might have been alone.But this third one, I remember this Sunday, I was with Peter.We went to Connecticut for a drive.- You sure? - Yes, yes.We talked about getting a summer rental.We even got lobster rolls at a food stand.Ask Peter.I did not get a phone call.This whole thing is a pack of lies.Well, we'll certainly look into it, Ms.Bonham.Why not ask Peter right now? Yes, ask him! Please, just ask him.It's Ron.Could you come down to the office? Yeah, thank you.This date here.It's a Sunday.That's one of the times Martinez said he talked to your wife.Do you remember where you were that afternoon? I was with Sara in Central Park.With Linda? No.She stayed home.So, you weren't in Connecticut? Peter, don't you remember? We stopped to eat right outside of Guilford.Ms.Bonham, I'm sorry.Peter, what's the matter? You have to remember.- Linda, let's go.- No.- Peter.- Linda, please.We dug for clams with Sara.Oh, my God, no, you You son of a bitch, you That's enough, Linda.Oh, my God! How could you? I need to Now she knows.She knows it was you.What's he talking about? What are you talking about, Detective? Well, you just couldn't resist.Resist what? Letting his wife know that he's the one who framed her.What? That's not true.Martinez never said that he called your wife that Sunday.That was me.I revised the statement.The truth is, is Linda was in Connecticut with you.Not only did you stop for food, you stopped for gas.$12 worth.It's right here on his credit card bill.Maybe you forgot.Maybe you didn't.But you could either confirm your wife's alibi or confirm Martinez's statement.It's a tough choice.Oh, I see.It was brilliant, Peter.You put that little wife of yours in her place.Her and her big salary, her successful law practice.All the things that she accomplished with no regard for you, for your Your feelings.When she took the Kolinsky appeal, how did she rationalize it? Did she tell you that there were important constitutional issues at stake? And when she b*at you, did she go "Aw, shucks, honey, it's not personal." Who was she kidding? It was personal.She crushed you.And not in the privacy of your own home but in a courtroom.In front of your colleagues, in front of the whole legal community.Not only that, it's on the damn record.There.Where law students, lawyers, judges, your friends and neighbors can read about it from now until eternity.Everyone knew.Everyone.They would look at her and then they look at me.My own daughter looks at me like I'm some kind of a joke.Well, you showed her, didn't you? Peter Bonham, you're under arrest for m*rder.How long had you suspected? Only a few days.We couldn't take the risk of him finding out.Please, no explanations.I've got to first deal with Peter Bonham.But I will get back to you, Detective.He'll get over it.Just like Peter Bonham.
02x05 - ChinoiserieQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:17In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.The paper isn't dark enough.It looks too new.What? What is it? It's not good enough.It has to be good enough.It is good! It is exactly the same! Don't argue with me.Didn't you listen? It has to be darker.- I like the red one.- That one? The pink one, the pink one! All right, the pink one.Listen, listen! Look, I'm the expert, and I say the work is good.Go get the car.Thank you.Come on, little one.Somebody stop him, please! Tiananmen! Tiananmen! Tiananmen! So, who is she? It doesn't matter.She recognized you.We have to do something.No one will listen to her.Just go! Thank you for watching them.- You all right? - Yes, thank you.It was someone I thought I knew.It's me.I need to talk to you, okay? We're all fine, John.Just call me as soon as you hear this.Come on, little ones.Everything's fine.We're going home now.Come.We'll go see Daddy.He'll make everything fine.Mommy.Mommy.Mommy.Mommy.Mommy.Law & Order CI Her name's Annie Ming Littleton.Two in the back, right in front of her kids.The GSR pattern's tight.The sh**t couldn't have been more than two feet away.One of the witnesses clocked the sh*ts at 3:06.She made a call at 2:56 to a number programmed in her phone.Someone named John.Could be her husband, John Littleton.He's over there with the kids.He's hooked up with the Feds.Yeah, his father is with the Treasury Department.That's why we got called in.She'd been shopping.I was in a meeting.Annie wanted me to call her back right away.She sounded upset, but she said that she and the kids were fine.Was she downtown for any special reason? Just to shop.Annie liked the energy in Chinatown.It reminded her of home.Beijing.Pink's my favorite color.Did Mommy buy this for you? Before she called Daddy? Where did she buy it? At the store.Then Mommy ran away.Do you know why she ran away? No.She ran down the street.She was shouting.And then she came back.Mommy is sleeping now.She say, "Fa pi chi saran." Something like that.And then she run."Fa pi chi saran"? What does that mean? I don't know.You know why? She yelled in Mandarin.- And you speak Cantonese.- Yes.Thanks.That's her.I told the officer that this lady almost knocked me down.She was shouting and chasing somebody.Did you get a look at who it was? No.What was she shouting? I didn't understand.Nobody understood.And then she yelled in English, "Stop him." And then she said, "Tiananmen." "Tiananmen?" Yeah, Tiananmen.Over and over."Tiananmen, Tiananmen." And then people understood.I'll bet they did.I met Annie in Beijing in the spring of '92.I had an internship with the State Department.How did you meet? She was She was a student.How often do you go back to China? Annie's parents still live in Beijing.We try to go at least once a year.How's your Mandarin? Must be pretty good.It's all right.What does "Fa pi chi saran" mean to you? I don't know."Fa pi chi saran." Your wife was yelling it at the person she was chasing.I don't know.Mr.Littleton, we think you do know."Fa pi chi saran," it means "screaming k*ller." Doesn't it? She was in Tiananmen.Wasn't she? She saw what happened there in '89 to the students? We're not allowed to talk about it.Is that some kind of condition how she was allowed to leave China? I'll never be able to take my children back if they know I talked.It stays in this room, Mr.Littleton.Annie told me that the PLA, the People's Army, just fired into crowds of unarmed students.The ones they didn't k*ll right away, they crushed under their tanks."Fa pi chi saran." That's what the students called one of the officers because he was a screamer.Screaming, "sh**t, sh**t, sh**t!" A butcher.Half the Chinese immigrants in New York City served in the People's Liberation Army.It's the Chinese army.It's compulsory m*llitary service.It's not exactly illegal.This character was an officer during the m*ssacre of students, the State Department doesn't keep records of folks like that? Neither we nor the Chinese government consider what the PLA did to be illegal.I deplore Ms.Littleton's death, I hope you find her k*ller, but I'm sorry, I can't help you.You already have.He was helpful to you? Yes.If it's not illegal to be a screaming butcher in Tiananmen Square, then why did our guy run? It's just a few more days, Lucille.They've cleared the border.I mean, isn't that right, Pang? It's just that it's never been like this before, Stuart.You know it hasn't.Liam, tell him.It's the papers we're concerned about.The papers are fine.It's just that it's so much money.And then there's all this mystery.What are you saying, Lucille? I'm saying I'm uncomfortable.The price stands.Would you excuse us for just a minute? I can't If we just offer her a slight discount.I see how you handle things.Every unhappy woman terrifies you.The price stands.She stand right there, looking at the vests.What was she doing when she saw him? She pay for the vest.She put change in her purse.Was she holding her purse? Did she have it on her shoulder? On her shoulder.Here.So she would have turned this way to put her change away.So right here she said, "Fa pi chi saran"? Yes.That's when she saw him.Across the street.Yes.She run across the street.She was sure it was the right guy? She got a good look at him? Full face, not in profile? He wasn't just walking by.No, he came out of the doorway.The windows, the second floor.The old man move in three weeks ago.Looks like this old man already moved out.He sign a lease? No, no lease.He paid cash.Two months in advance.He ever have visitors? Good-looking young guy.Chinese.Sometimes he's with a white guy, not so good-looking.That's all I know.How about yesterday afternoon, 3:00? Yeah, they both here.Eames.Aha.Illegal baking.Baking documents.The old man's a forger.Forging what? Passports? Something worth more than passports.Something worth a life.This good-looking guy k*lled Ms.Littleton because he was worried about getting hooked up to fake ID's? He was probably worried about another kind of document.Now, what am I looking at? A Chinese jigsaw puzzle? The lab says it's standard 30 weight, good quality rag paper.But it's been aged.Soaked in tea and mineral oil and then baked.This bit of red is wax.Probably to imitate an official seal or stamp.But that's not the most interesting part.This type of calligraphy, the elongated character, the sharp brush strokes, is in the lmperial style of early Qing Dynasty, 18th century.It evolved from the "thin gold" calligraphy developed by the Emperor Huizong.He got that off his box of Wheaties this morning.Actually, the curator of the Chinese galleries at the Met.I faxed him a copy of it.This curator have an idea who might've written this? Hsu Calligraphy Studio Brooklyn, New York Wednesday, June 6 Calligraphy is one of the great achievement of the Chinese people.But our children do not study it.They told us at the Met you were the best practitioner of it on the East Coast.Thank you.Is this really that hard to do? Because it doesn't look that hard.Do you think that I could Pick it up? If you study hard, sure.Which is the easiest style? Is it this one? That's Han Confucian form of style.Very old.Not so easy.I like this.Do a lot of people write in this style? Yeah, the Flowing Grass style.I know maybe 10 people who are very good.And this one? How many people here have mastered this one? Not many.The lmperial Classic style.The most difficult.But you've mastered it? Yes.And you know everyone that has.For example, do you know what person did this? I don't know who did it.Maybe it's the same person who did this scroll.No.I did this.Every stroke has the personality of the writer.His energy and vitality.An expert could compare the two and find that they were done by the same person.And that expert could trace the writing to the brush that you used.We need to know who hired you to do this, Mr.Hsu.I don't know his name.But he know my nephew's name in Ningpo.I can't say no.This man is PLA.What did he have you write? "The Court of Emperor Qianlong "welcomes esteemed guest Lord Pembridge "and request that he accept this gift "from the lmperial Bronze Collection." Did he say what it was for? No explanation.Just write and take it to the Hotel St.Francis and leave it at the desk for room 516.Room 516? That would be Mr.Pembridge's room.Mr.Pembridge? Actually, he calls himself the Fifth Lord Pembridge.Would he be in his room? I just saw him a couple of minutes ago heading for the sundry store.He has an ascot.You can't miss him.Lord Pembridge? Could we speak to you for a minute? Well Dear, I don't know what for.It's about some packages that were delivered to you.Packages? I wouldn't know anything about packages.Where are you from, Lord Pembridge? From? Ah, my family's estate is just outside a little town called Leeds.A little town called Leeds? And what's the purpose of your visit here? - Pleasure.And friends.- What friends? Oh, well, I just had a dinner from Mick and the boys.Sent them off on their world tour.And then I saw Gwynnie and Hugh.Lovely people, just lovely.Cut it out.Isn't that the worst English accent you've ever heard? Next to the Irish Spring guy, it's the worst accent, period.I beg your pardon.The mishmash of Cockney, Welsh.But miraculously, I think I heard a shred of the north of England in one of your "R's." There are so many sounds in there, how can you tell? Really, you are absurd.I don't think he's trained.Well, of course I'm trained.With Strasberg himself.I suppose you went to Yale.Now, are we gonna play this or what? No, we're gonna play this.Is that a real g*n? Oh, my God, you're really cops, aren't you? "George Weems." What it says here on your SAG card.- You look familiar.- My last gig.I was the plump and happy raisin in a snack food commercial.- Am I in trouble? - You tell us.You checked into a hotel under an assumed name.Forged papers were delivered to your room.An associate of yours is suspected of murdering a woman.You don't look so plump and happy now, George.No, I didn't know anything about a m*rder.I I was just hired to play a part, that's all.Hired by whom? I don't know.I never met the guy.He called me.He said his name was Jean.That he saw me in this Gilbert and Sullivan thing, and that he wanted me to play some Brit Eurotrash, Lord Pembridge.For what? A movie? Performance art.Improvisational.Who were the other actors? I don't know.I was meeting them today.Where was this performance to take place? In real settings.They were picking me up and driving out to JFK, and it was gonna go from there.Jean said they had a room for me at the St.Francis.That if anybody asked, I was Lord Pembridge.And you thought that we were part of the performance.Yes.It never occurred to you that something illegal was afoot? I'm an actor.I'm constantly broke.It was a couple of nights at the St.Francis.It sounded like fun.Fantastic.What was the scene at JFK? Lord Pembridge picks up a piece of art from the cargo department.A family heirloom.That's it? One scene? No, no, there were two scenes.Lord Pembridge delivers the heirloom to some posh apartment on Fifth Avenue.Department of U.S Customs JFK International Airport Thursday, June 7 Here it is.One crate, household items.Consignee, Lord Robert Pembridge.He picked it up this morning.This morning? Yeah, this morning.- Did he show ID? - Yes.And he had the waybill.It was all in order.I don't need any more grief about this.What other grief did you get? Two guys came in a couple of hours ago.I told them Pembridge already picked it up, and I thought they were gonna have a heart att*ck.Especially that white guy.- And the other guy? - Chinese.But then they said they must've gotten their signals crossed with Lord Pembridge, and they left.This extra charge, what's that? A re-crating charge slapped on by the freight forwarder.It says the amount was charged to an existing account.The freight forwarder can tell you whose account that is.I'm deadly serious.I need an answer right away.Someone's here.Let me get rid of them.Are you Stuart Gaston? Yes.I'm sorry, I'm very busy right now.- Too busy for us? - I have a kind of a situation.How can I help you? Your account number turned up on the waybill for a shipment from Hong Kong addressed to a Lord Pembridge.Oh.I don't see how that's possible.I don't know any Lord Pembridge.Do you have a copy of the waybill? Thanks.Yeah, I do have an account with this company, but I certainly didn't ship any household items.They must've jumbled the numbers.This must be some kind of situation you got on your hands.Why do you say that? Well, you've loosened your tie, you got a drink on your desk, you got three phone lines blinking, and you're chewing the inside of your cheeks like some kind of frantic chipmunk.Are you under a lot of stress? You lost something.No.I don't know No, I think you lost something in transit, didn't you? I'm sorry, you're wrong.It's late and I need to close up.Thank you for bringing that billing mistake to my attention.He smuggled that piece into the country, and someone stole it right out from under his nose.Don't look so happy.The obvious move is that Stuart Gaston's Chinese partner had an accomplice pick up the package on the sly.Well, that's all fine and good, but we have no leverage against Gaston to make him give up his Chinese partner.No evidence he's involved in smuggling, no idea even what it is he's smuggling.It's a Chinese antique.A bronze.- A fake? - No.If it were, they wouldn't go through all this trouble to smuggle it into the country.What's being faked is the documentation, the provenance.Because it's probably stolen.Have you checked with Interpol? They have no record of any theft of major Chinese art.That leaves one possibility.That it was stolen from an archeological dig in China.A Chinese national treasure, and Gaston found a buyer for it.We find that buyer, maybe we find evidence against Mr.Gaston.Banfield Auction House Monday, June 11 Well, I'd guess that the piece in question dates from the Han Dynasty, First century AD.It's most likely a funereal piece.Why would you think that? Well, of all the bronzes, it would be the most valuable.Otherwise, why go to all the trouble? No, a rare and important and legal piece can fetch easily 1.5 million.Three million, if it's a smuggled piece.But that's a risky business.You know all the collectors that Stuart Gaston usually deals with.Which one would risk it? For a special piece? Most of them would take the risk, otherwise they wouldn't be collectors.How about just the ones who can afford to lay out three million in cash? I'd be hard pressed to say.Are any of the collectors holding off? - Careful.- Oh, sorry.You know, holding off making acquisitions? Building up a cash reserve? Well, I can't speak for every auction house.Come on.We know you compare notes.Why don't we take this outside? I'd be happy to get you both a cup of coffee.There's a cafe.We could talk about it I'll bet you this camel that you all know who's buying and who's not.You think about that.I'm gonna have a look at the other, you know, lovely stuff that you have No, wait.You know, there is Lucille Mobray.She's one of Gaston's regulars.I haven't purchased anything recently because I haven't seen anything worth buying.This moon vase is stunning.I've read about the lmperial ceramic factory in Jingdezhen.Was it made there? Yes.It's from the collection of Pere D'Entrecolles himself.I love this teapot.Is it old? Three thousand years old.How'd you get interested in Chinese art? I lived in Shanghai when I was a girl.My father worked for the National City Bank.He gave me my first piece, a terracotta doll.It was a magical time.This collection, it's your legacy.Stuart Gaston help you put it together? Yes.I've always relied on Stuart.He made sure that each piece had the proper provenance, to show that it wasn't, you know, smuggled out of China yesterday.Of course.Because owning smuggled art is a violation of the National Stolen Property Act.The Chinese could go to court and have it seized.That's perfectly true.But what does that have to do with me? It has to do with Mr.Gaston.We suspect he smuggled something into the country a couple of days ago.Stuart? No, I don't think he's capable of anything like that.No, see, he's capable of it, and a lot more.And once we arrest him, he's liable to make all kinds of accusations, just to save his skin.Someone's entire collection could come under suspicion.A whole legacy tainted.I mean, no reputable dealer or auction house is gonna do business with a person like that.No more acquisitions.Of course, it's possible such a person was being duped by Mr.Gaston.We are discreet with innocent victims.If they behave like innocent victims.Stuart told me he had an exceptional piece from the Lord Pembridge estate.He assured me the provenance was well documented.What's the piece? All he told me was that it was a bronze from an Eastern Han tomb.He said that the Fifth Lord Pembridge was bringing it himself from Hong Kong.Gaston has a Chinese associate? You must mean Pang.A very crude individual.You know where we can find him? Yes.Stuart told me where he works.You'll never guess.Yes, yes, I'll take care of it.I promise.I'll call back again tomorrow.Eight o'clock your time.Hey! They're gonna charge you for that.Bad day, Mr.Pang? What a good soldier.He knows when to surrender.One down, one to go.Where's this contraband my client's accused of smuggling? Is there even a photograph? What we have is what we found in his gallery.Forged documents attesting to the object's phony provenance.It's just paper and ink.Novelties.Yeah, well, these "novelties" match materials we found in an apartment across the street from where this woman was k*lled.k*lled because she recognized your partner, Mr.Pang.Also known to his admirers as the Screaming Butcher of Tiananmen Square.Oh, you didn't know that? Oh, sorry.I didn't know you were in here.Mr.Houghton, say hello to your client's business partner, Pang Chiangji.We'll be next door.My client might have a statement to make.He sh*t that woman.She recognized him.He went back and k*lled her.I didn't even know that he did it until it was in the newspaper the next day.He k*lled her.He double-crossed me.I should never have trusted him.So ends another beautiful friendship.This being the land of second chances, Mr.Pang, you do get to tell your side of the story.My friend, an officer in the PLA, he wrote to me.He works on an excavation in the Gobi Desert.He said if we can get a piece out, people pay millions for it here.Two years it took us to get it out.I'm dishwasher here.Gaston the pig takes my future, and now I have nothing.I go back to China, they k*ll me.What do I have here? I did not sh**t this woman.She recognized me.So, so what? I told him nobody cares, but he wanted me to do something.So I left.I went home.But I didn't He's like a crocodile, lying in the water pretending he's a big lump of nothing.But then he sh**t this woman in the back.- He steals from me.- It's all lies.I didn't sh**t that woman.I don't even own a g*n.There's no evidence Mr.Pang does either.Nor is there any evidence he stole the object.Why would I steal it from him, a k*ller? What do you think, I'm crazy? Maybe you thought you could pull a fast one on some poor dishwasher.Poor dishwasher? What, Pang? No, he owns a factory in Hong Kong.You know this for a fact? No.But why would I ever get into business with a dishwasher? We searched the dump he lives in.He owns two suits, two pairs of shoes, and a clock radio.No factory.Evidently Mr.Gaston never checked his client's employment record.But someone else did.Now, tell me where you're going, Liam, in case I need to find you.I'm not terribly interested in being found right now, Lucille.I'm not liking what I'm hearing about these police.No, no, no.They think poor Stuart and that Mr.Pang did everything.It's perfectly safe.I'll make my own decisions on that, if you don't mind.You went above and beyond this time, Liam.I do appreciate that.I might try to get up into Bhutan.See what I might catch coming out of Tibet.Oh, that sounds so exciting.I'll keep you in mind.Goodbye, Liam.And thank you.Lucille Mobray a m*rder*r? My God, Carver, this is a 73-year-old woman we're talking about.A very rich 73-year-old woman who can get anything she wants done for a price.And that's your probable cause? She's rich? She knew where Mr.Pang worked.The only way she could have known was by having him followed.Look, this search warrant application can't even describe this, this, this What is this, a rice steamer? You want me to sign this, you put some meat on the plate.Can we give the man what he wants? Maybe Lucille Mobray can.Given the right performance, by the right performer.For heaven's sake, sit down.I was just being polite.You make some vague thr*at on the phone, and now you're being polite? Please.You said you had something to show me.Let's get on with it.This is the documentation for the I know what it is.What are you doing with it? It was delivered to my room at the St.Francis.I'm the person who was supposed to deliver the object to you.You? The Fifth Lord of Pembridge.This magnificent object has been in my family for 300 years.I see.Stuart thought that accent would fool me? It's a perfectly acceptable English music hall accent.What makes you think I'd want this? I did some research.The Chinese are very paranoid about people stealing national treasures.They're very litigious.So I thought this might come in useful.You expect me to pay for this? Did you know that the Chinese consulate's not very far from here, on 42nd Street? I just learned that in my research.Did you bring your checkbook? Write a check out to cash.What amount? $10,000.My grandchildren are waiting for me.Have a nice existence.Frankie, be careful.You don't wanna spill it.I want to play with my fire truck.That's fine, sweetheart, but you've just got to be careful.Hello, Ms.Mobray.That's a cool fire truck.My grandma bought it for me.Grandma got me a carriage with two horses, but I had to leave it at home.The privileges of being a grandmother.You're allowed to spoil them a little bit.Excuse me.I see that you've spread your generosity around a lot lately.Look what we have here.Forged documents.Why in the world would you spend so much money for forged documents? I thought it would be fun to have them.We think it would be fun if you accompanied these gentlemen down to our offices.Everything here is listed on her insurance declaration.Same story with the items at her storage vault.Piece isn't here.The doorman says a Liam Montgomery visited Ms.Mobray a number of times in the last few weeks.It so happens there was a Liam Montgomery registered at the St.Francis around the same time as Lord Pembridge.Probably the guy she had keeping tabs on all the players.In other news, the Captain wants to know what we've turned up here.Squat, that's what we turned up.These books and catalogues of Chinese bronzes, I want Latent to go through them, page by page.Latent Lab One Police Plaza Thursday, June 14 On these pages we have a partial thumb, index, partial palm, here, here and here.She spent a lot of time looking at these.How fresh are these prints? Well, the oils are still viscous.A couple, three days.And that one.It's beautiful."A heavenly horse with a flame-shaped forelock."Bronze horses are extremely rare." We need another search warrant.Wonderful.Another gray room.Please have a seat.Liam Montgomery.Do you know him? He runs an art consulting business out of London.Your doorman said he's made periodic visits over the last seven years.Yes, he's helped me.I'm an old woman.I'm easy pickings for the like of Gaston and Pang.I need to protect myself.And your acquisitions.Which he seems uniquely qualified to do.He has some kind of police record in Britain.If you have questions about Mr.Montgomery, ask Mr.Montgomery.He's left the country.He got the job done.But he made your dream come true.What is this, a toy? Not a toy.Your granddaughter was sorry to see it go.Detective, please, please.This is irreplaceable.Lucille.Have you ever seen anything so exquisite? To think it was made during the time of Christ.I'm prepared to be conciliatory in view of your client's age.You knew what it was before you actually saw it? Yes.Liam bribed someone in Hong Kong and snuck a peek.- He sent me a photograph.- Lucille, please.Oh, enough of the charade, Harry.They're making us an offer.Six months in a minimum security prison.A fine.A substantial fine.We'll take it, Harry.It's just to have owned it even for such a short time.Even just to look at it.The contours, the workmanship.It's so precious.There were There were two little men in the carriage? Yes, there were.Where's the other one? Well, maybe they're in here.Oh, look at this.It's Gaston and Pang.They were in Chinatown.Gaston.You know, Pang.Someone else I forgot.Oh, let's see.Annie Littleton.She was in Chinatown, too.And she saw Pang, and she screamed, "Tiananmen, Tiananmen!" Detective, please, please.Then it looked like trouble.Oh, yes.Oh! There looked like there was gonna be trouble.But don't you worry.Don't you worry.Liam Montgomery.'Cause he has his eye on things.He told you there was trouble, and he called you."There's trouble, Mrs.Mobray." And you said, "Take care of it," and he did.And bang, bang, Annie Littleton.No, I did no such thing.But But then, all hell broke loose, and Gaston and Pang, they were fighting.Pang wanted it, Gaston wanted it, Pang wanted it Stop it! This is not a joke.These are precious, precious artifacts.They're priceless, in fact.Priceless? And that's why you had him k*ll Annie Littleton.No.Never mind that she had two kids.Oh, they can get along fine without their mother.Why not? You did.After your parents were k*lled.After the Japanese bombed Shanghai.There you are.Little Lucy and her loving parents.Living an enchanted life.And there's your handsome father, who, every day, brought you a new treasure."Here, Lucy."Here's a beautiful terracotta doll for my most special girl." Those were the happiest days of your life.Then they were finished by a b*mb burst.But this toy, it takes you back.And that's what makes it priceless.'Cause you would do anything to get back to that magical time.And, well, Annie Littleton just got in your way? She She was going to ruin everything.I just had to have it! Chinese should be happy to get that back.It's the only one of its kind.Annie Ming Littleton was one of a kind.
02x06 - MalignantQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:17Although inspired in part by a true incident, the following story is fictional and does not depict any actual person or event.In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.Joel.Yeah.This is Rick.He's taking over your route on Monday.Yeah, sure, how are you doing? Rick's gonna ride along with you today.I thought we were doing that tomorrow.Tomorrow Rick's got his physical.You pay attention.Joel knows all the shortcuts.I'm not worried, all right? It's gonna be what it's gonna be.Hey.Luke! Wait.What? I want you at work at 2:00.Dude, we're good.Mr.Halliwell likes to check the shipment himself.If he's not here to sign for it, you don't deliver it, got that? Uh-huh.You can put those over there.Tepper.His last name was Tepper.No, I don't know him.Why're you turning? Shortcut.Geez! / Hey, what's the matter with you? What's the matter with you, assface? Rick, let it go.This little punk thinks he owns the streets.Excuse me.Keys.Rick, they just want the dr*gs.We stay cool, we're gonna be okay.Shut up! You talk, I waste him.Hurry up! These, too.Go.Go, go, go.Okay.Okay.We're gonna be okay.Hey! You talked.Law & Order CI Witnesses saw three males, late teens, early twenties.One on a skateboard, and one on a bike, one driving a van, dark grey, dark blue or black, take your pick.No one grabbed the plate numbers.The sh*ts came from this side.Which one was standing here? The bicycle guy.He was covering the passenger, probably sh*t him first.Maybe the passenger was the bigger handful.Or a bigger question mark than the driver.Their last delivery was at Houston and Pitt.The next one was on the Bowery at Prince.He had no business being on this street.Unless the driver had his own delivery schedule.Maybe Joel was showing the new guy a shortcut.Joel couldn't sit still in traffic for more than 10 seconds.He was always looking for a shortcut.Did he know he was gonna have a passenger today? No.It was a last-minute thing.So what's the damage here? Well, all I can see that's missing are four boxes of somatropin.Somatropin.That's human growth hormone.Athletes use it to bulk up.That's not a legal use of the product.How much were the four boxes worth? A little over half a million dollars.Now, the boxes were ordered by four different pharmacies.It's interesting how they all turned up on the same day.That's because they were all ordered on the same day last week.By four different pharmacies? That's a little too interesting.Could Joel have faked these orders? No.The company has safeguards.The orders have to come directly from a licensed pharmacist.Maybe Joel had a helper in one of these pharmacies.Halliwell's Pharmacy Friday, June 14 Xavier's worked for me for three years.I know his wife, his children.He's a good person.You know anybody else who has access to your order forms? No.Could I see this phony order? I actually placed this order for somatropin.It's not a forgery.You just remembered you ordered it? Well, I had a flood back here last month.Defective fire sprinklers.Had to replace a lot of my stock.Now seeing the paperwork reminded me of the somatropin.I'm sorry for the confusion.Was there anything else? - No.Thanks for your help.- Sure.Well, Mr.Halliwell, I just wanna make sure that I'm reading this right.It says here somatropin is contraindicated for people with diabetes.What happens if they take somatropin? Well, without a doctor's supervision, you run the risk of diabetic coma.That's what I thought.Thank you.We need to call some hospitals.We've had four young males with severe diabetic episodes in the last 48 hours.We still don't know what triggered them.You might wanna try and look for somatropin.Are any of the kids still here? Only one, Ryan Hendrickson.His friends brought him in seven hours ago.He'd already slipped into a coma.We've stabilized him, but we haven't determined how much damage there's been.Are his friends still here? His parents are in the waiting area.And there's a young woman.She was with him when they brought him in.Dr.Johnson, please call extension 2198.Miss DeSantis? Can we speak to you over here? We need to find out what happened to Ryan.His diabetes messed him up.He took something just before, right? Something he wasn't supposed to? Melinda, we think Ryan took a growth hormone called somatropin to help him build up his muscles.That's why he's in a coma.We need to know where he got it, so other kids don't end up in the bed next to him.Ryan injected this stuff he got from this guy Lane.Lane Ruddock.Lane said Ryan needed to get bigger and stronger.Why? Was Ryan doing sports? He wrestles.On a team at school? It's not a school thing.Come on! Dude, if you gotta clothesline him, sell it.Don't just stand there, move into him! And, Jace, you have got to sell getting hit.Grab your throat like you got a badger stuck in there.Come on, give me the face of pain.Sell it.You Lane Ruddock? What, the neighbors again? Look, we got a right to wrestle, okay? It's safer than hockey.What do you mean, this? We don't have a problem with this.In fact, I've always wanted to try it.Come on.Come on.Climb in with me? It's okay.Look, what're you people doing here? You know what's that move You know, the one where you take the other guy, you spin him over the top of your head? - What, the flying helicopter? - Flying helicopter.And then you plant him head down on the mat, it's so extreme.You know, I'm surprised more guys don't end up like, well, your buddy Ryan, in a coma, on a respirator.What? Hey, look, I had nothing to do with it.Detectives.Who are they? Those are our buddies.They're searching your parents' house.We found one box.Two-third's full.The somatropin, where are the other three boxes? Hey, buddy, you better answer her question, or you're going smackdown for two murders all by yourself.I didn't k*ll nobody, okay? I swear.Those guys, they fronted me one box.That was it.It was just one box.Excuse me.Could you get that box for me, up on top? Thank you very much.Drop the box.What's going on? What're you doing to my son? Arresting him.Seems he went into the pharmacy business for himself.We have Lane Ruddock.We have the box of stolen somatropin you sold him.We have an eyewitness who puts your van at the crime scene.- Am I forgetting something? - The sneaker.We have a sneaker print in your van that matches a sneaker print in the cargo area of the truck.That's it for now.We'll have an update once we grab up your accomplices.You know, I don't wanna tell you anything you already know, Luke, but this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity you have here to tell us your story.Now this opportunity has the shelf life of, like, one, maybe two hours.By then, we'll have all your buddies in custody.Oh, the tales they will tell.None of them with a happy ending.- An hour, Luke.- Two at the most.Hang on a second.Do I have your permission to talk to them about it? My client's ready to cooperate.He had no prior knowledge of any plan to k*ll the drivers.He wasn't even aware his accomplices were armed.He didn't come forward before because Because he was afraid for his life.We know all the disclaimers by heart.What does he have to say? Nothing, until the DA signs off on the agreement, which is as follows: Twenty years in a medium-security facility in return for his testimony and his plea to second-degree robbery and four counts of forgery.Four counts of forgery? Four boxes, four forged order forms, four counts.Do I need to repeat anything? No.We'll be right back.That's a deal I can live with.What? The kid's copping to forging four order forms.One of the pharmacists, Halliwell, he told us his order was legit, it wasn't forged.One of them's lying.My bet, it's not this kid.Just got the good word.His accomplices are in custody.Two weapons recovered.One's the same caliber as the slugs from the victims.The kid's stuck to his story.He dummied up four orders of growth hormone, including the order from Halliwell's Pharmacy.If Halliwell didn't order this stuff, why tell you he did? Because if he told us the truth that the order was faked, he knew we'd be back.He knew he'd have to testify, he knew he'd be under more scrutiny than he wanted.What do you think he's hiding? Halliwell's Pharmacy Monday, June 17 Mr.Cardenas, is Mr.Halliwell here? No.You just missed him.Oh, rats.So, maybe you can help us with some information about this flood, with the sprinkler system.You should wait for Mr.Halliwell.It's not that complicated.The flood was just back there where you keep all the prescriptions? Yes.Well, the sprinkler system runs through the whole store.Why wasn't the whole place flooded? Well, Mr.Halliwell said that the back sprinklers are on a different waterline than the front.Excuse me, but Don't worry, he does this all the time.Were you here when the sprinklers went off? No.It happened overnight.Mr.Halliwell was already mopping up when I got in on Saturday morning.Do you know why they went off? Well, he said it was 'cause they hadn't had the scheduled maintenance done on them.Something about, you know, insurance not paying.Was there a lot of damage? Well, yeah, the whole back was wet.We lost a lot of inventory.How much? Well, I don't know.Mr.Halliwell took care of that.He's the one who keeps track of the inventory? For the prescription medicines, yeah.Thank you.And who fills out the prescription mostly, you or Mr.Halliwell? I count out the pills.And I do the ointments.Mr.Halliwell does the fluids, IV drips, cancer meds.It's very toxic stuff.Hey, what are you doing.You're gonna set that off.It's not going off because there's no water.Your boss disconnected the front sprinklers from the water line so when he set off the sprinkler system, only the back of the store got wet.Mr.Halliwell did it on purpose? Why? Why don't you just tell us what you saw that Saturday morning? Just that everything back there was all wet, that's all.Where were the dr*gs? I don't know.He told me to take the rest of the day off.When I got back on Monday morning, everything was back on the shelves.I got my file on Halliwell over here.He put in a big order six weeks ago, I know that.You sure you don't want any cake? It's really good.No, thank you.Sorry to pull you away from your birthday party.Every year I tell my assistant, "Please, no parties." But, hey, what can you do? - Just smile and eat cake.- Yeah.So what did Halliwell order? Oh Doxorubicin, gemcitabine, dactinomycin, ifosfamide, BCNU.What kind of dr*gs are those? Chemotherapy dr*gs.Cancer.- Did he order any other dr*gs? - No.Oh, he said a fire sprinkler went off, and his supply of chemo dr*gs got contaminated.Just the chemo? That's what he said.Well, our records show he bought almost $180,000 worth of dr*gs from you.Mmm-hmm.Is that considered a large purchase? Well, it's triple the amount he bought from us in the previous quarter.- $60,000.- Mmm-hmm.Why such a big jump? Well, I did my homework.I put together that he sold four times more chemo dr*gs than he was buying from me.I was losing business to a competitor.A competitor? Do you know who? Well, he wouldn't tell me.When did you have this conversation with him? About two months ago.You know, on second thought, I think I'll have a piece of cake.Be right back.This competitor he's worried about? There isn't any.He's Halliwell's only supplier.So Halliwell's doing a neat trick, turning 60 grand worth of cancer dr*gs into over $200,000 in sales.His customers might not think it's so neat.Jim, I'm sure you realize that commitments were made based on the one you made to us.And I intend to live up to it.I'm glad to hear that.I never expected any less from you.I just need to renegotiate the terms.The amount of the gift every month, it's just too much.How much would you be comfortable with? I need to cut it by half.I really need some relief here.I'll see what I can do.People consider you someone they can count on, Jim.You don't wanna risk disappointing them.How did you people get my name? From the state Medicaid.You and your wife have your prescriptions filled at Halliwell's Pharmacy? It's just me now.My wife passed away two months ago.We're very sorry.Mr.Lowell, if you don't mind our asking, what did she die of? Claudine d*ed of ovarian cancer.She was diagnosed two years ago last March.She had surgery and Then she went on chemo.Here.Smell this.It's a brandy wine.We planted them three months ago.That was the last day she was outside.What was your wife's prognosis when she was diagnosed? They said that she could b*at it, she was in the early stages.And there was no sign of improvement during the two years? No.The cancer just spread.It got worse.The suffering, the pain and the nausea.What did her doctor say? "Every cancer is different." That's what he said.Then he'd go and write another prescription.You didn't happen to keep any of them? No.What would I do with that stuff? I mean, it didn't do us any good when Claudine was alive.Two years from diagnosis to death, with a survivable cancer, a full course of chemotherapy.And her doctor's giving her good odds.Yeah, odds don't mean anything when the medication you're taking might as well be water.That's Halliwell's neat trick.He's diluting the dr*gs.We talked to the families of eight of Halliwell's customers who d*ed of cancer.They all said the same thing.There was no improvement, the medications weren't helping, the cancers just got worse.How long has he been at it? We checked the drug company's records and Halliwell's sales records.He's been selling more cancer dr*gs than he's been buying for at least four years.We could be talking about thousands of diluted prescriptions.And hundreds of deaths that might've been prevented.What about the dr*gs Halliwell is dispensing now? They're at full potency.His conscience finally got to him.More likely the drug company salesman did, when he told Halliwell he noticed the discrepancy between his sales and his purchases.That's why he had the flood.Making a case against him solely on the basis of sales records will turn into the battle of the bean counters.We need physical, medical proof he diluted those prescriptions.None of Halliwell's customers thought of saving a sample of their old prescriptions.The dead ones might've.Since I needed soft tissue for the tests, I only looked at people who d*ed in the last six months.Of those, I identified 14 cancer patients who statistically should still be alive if they'd received the right dosage of chemotherapy.Nine families gave me permission to exhume the bodies.Only nine? Well, you must have some bedside manner.There's a reason I work with dead people.After putting their livers under the microscope, here's what I have.Five had very low concentrations of chemo dr*gs, had they been getting the dosage they were prescribed.And the four other victims? Well, the results on three were inconclusive for a variety of reasons.On the other hand, number nine showed an unusually high concentration of the dr*gs doxorubicin and ifosfamide.This number nine actually have a name? Apartment of Frank Lowell Wednesday, June 19 The medical examiner just told me they wanted to do some tests on Claudine, to see how the medicine she was taking affected her cancer.I said if it's gonna help somebody else, sure, go right ahead.You don't want anybody going through what she did.No, ma'am.You were frustrated and angry the dr*gs weren't working.Yeah.It must've been discouraging for the both of you.Anyone in your position You might, at some point, think that death was inevitable.Mr.Lowell, there's no easy way to say this.We think we know why the dr*gs weren't working.We believe Mr.Halliwell was diluting them for profit.Your wife never got the full dosage, Mr.Lowell, or the full benefit of the chemotherapy.You thought we were gonna say something else, didn't you? That we found out that your wife d*ed of a massive dose of cancer dr*gs.Doxorubicin and ifosfamide.Maybe that the pain was unbearable, the dr*gs weren't working.You had no way of knowing that Mr.Halliwell was diluting them.So, you thought that you would do the one thing that would stop Claudine's agony.So you and your wife, you made a decision.And you used the rest of the medicine that she had left and injected it in her IV.Oh, God.Oh, my God.I k*lled her I k*lled her for nothing.Oh, God.You know I hate hypotheticals.If there's a factual basis to your question, then let's deal with those facts.Like, hypothetically, if one of the nine exhumed bodies d*ed as a result of an assisted su1c1de, then, yes, that's m*rder.And, yes, I'd be duty-bound to prosecute it.Well, then, forget we brought it up at all.It's not that easy.If we use the other eight exhumations against Halliwell, there is no legal way to hide the results of the ninth, from me or anyone else.Like you, I'd hate to put some poor widower in jail, but once the cat's out of the bag, I have no choice.Well, then we don't use the exhumations at all.Those exhumations are good evidence against Mr.Halliwell and I will be using them.So we can't convict Halliwell without sending Lowell to jail.Apparently not.If it weren't for him, Lowell and his wife would never have even considered su1c1de in the first place.Carver says he has no choice.Let's give him one.Let's give him better evidence against Halliwell.Look, I was noticing here.Some of the pharmacy's customers have the same address.- The Brightest Star Home.- Sounds like a nursing home.It's up in Westchester.Halliwell's home turf.He's even ripping off his neighbors.That's what's interesting.According to the Medicaid records, Mr.Halliwell was practically giving the meds away to these people.Brightest Star Nursing Home Westchester, New York Wednesday, June 19 Mr.Halliwell has been filling our prescriptions for our residents for many years.At less than cost.That's our arrangement with him.An arrangement.Does he have a financial interest in the home? No.I see there's a Reverend Mills, heads the board of your trustees.Are you owned by a religious group? We are a nondenominational residence.But you're owned by a religious group.The Church of the Sacred Redeemer.Are you a member of the church? I'm an elder.And Mr.Halliwell? He's an elder also.So supplying dr*gs to the residents here, that's his gift to the church.And this arrangement, that's a pledge he made? A very generous pledge, yes.A couple thousand dollars prescriptions a month doesn't sound very generous, especially from a church elder.There's more to it than that, right? Jim Halliwell has pledged $1.5 million toward a recreation center.When did he make this pledge? Four years ago.His generosity to the church has set a terrific example.I see it's inspired your employees.These charities they're involved in, AIDS babies, the indigent sick.One of the employees collects clothing and other items from the residents.Yes, once they've passed away, whatever the family doesn't want.Whatever's in the room, whatever would normally get thrown away.Yes.Could we meet this employee, you know, to give him a, you know, "attaboy"? Kenny'll be home from school next week.He still doesn't know what he's gonna do with his degree.So, I would really appreciate if you'd talk to him, give him some career guidance.Well, that would be fine.Just have him give me a call.Good stuff.Thank you, Jim.- Penny.- See you on Sunday, Reverend.That's quite a compliment, sending you his son for advice.The Reverend told our committee he's diverting funds from the volunteers' bazaar to the planning group for the recreation center.Why is that? He said some people weren't living up to their pledges.He told me to talk to you about it.Oh, for heaven's sake.What's going on, Jim? Business has been off, and I told him I had to cut back on our monthly giving.We can't.We made a commitment.Well, it's not forever.We're not the only ones.Other people have had to cut back.Other people buy pews.We're building a recreation center.What kind of example are we setting? Well, we can make it up to them in other ways.We can volunteer more time at the church.We don't just go to church with these people, Jim.We're on the PTA with them, the chamber of commerce.You want everyone to know we're pleading poverty? We're not poor.Jim, people respect us.They look up to us.They like us, our kids.We can't back out.I only take what the families let me and I give it to homeless groups, shelters for runaways, battered women.What else besides clothes? Old purses, unopened toiletries.- Clock radios.- Sure, yeah.Small appliances, kitchenware, everything gets used.What about over-the-counter medications, like aspirin? Sure, vitamins, cold medicines.Prescriptions? No.No, we have to throw those away.That's expensive stuff.I mean, all this is nice, but those medications can save people's lives.You see first hand how people suffer just because they can't afford the right medications.Like doxorubicin, and interferon, and aldesleukin.- I know what you mean.- You do? When someone dies at the home, of cancer, the dr*gs that they have left, they just get tossed away, doing no one any good? I mean, aren't you a little tempted to slip them in your pocket, and make sure they get to the people who really need them? That's against regulations.But it crosses your mind.How about Mrs.Barlowe who passed away three days ago? They told us she was taking aldesleukin, for renal cancer.That's a treatment for AIDS, isn't it? And you just threw it in the trash? Yes.Then it would've been in the dumpster when we checked.You see, we did a little dumpster diving.It's pretty nasty.But we didn't find any of Mrs.Barlowe's medications.Well, look, maybe society thinks what I'm doing is illegal But it's not immoral.How old are these prescriptions? Some of them might've been filled a couple of months ago.I thought these dr*gs could help people.Not these dr*gs.We were able to recover eight more chemo prescriptions that came from the rest home.Of the 23 we had tested, half were diluted.The labels are partially scraped off, but they're still identifiable as coming from Halliwell's Pharmacy.It's a fine piece of detective work, but I can't use it.The medications have been through too many hands.I couldn't prove to a jury beyond a reasonable doubt, Halliwell's the one who diluted them.I'm sorry.The exhumations are still our best evidence.Good news, Charlie.Well, these might not convince a jury but they might convince someone else.This is an incredible story.Well, you have the lab report right in front of you.And as you can see, the vials still have Mr.Halliwell's label.But there's nothing wrong with the medication Mr.Halliwell is dispensing now? Apparently not.Then I don't understand how I can help you.We believe Mr.Halliwell diluted the dr*gs to pay off the $1.5 million pledge he made to your church.You know, you two make a very good team.Look, if Jim had given me any hint that this pledge was a hardship, I never would've accepted it.But so far, he's kept up his end of the bargain.How's he been doing the last six weeks? Well, he's been wanting to cut back.He told me business hasn't been good.I bet.I'm sure you're both terrific detectives, but I can't reconcile the Jim Halliwell you describe with the one that I know.Jim and his wife Penny are both pillars of the community.How long have they been pillars of the community? I really couldn't say.It's something you grow into.Can you say when he became a church elder? When was that, about four years ago? That sounds about right.I can't help noticing, Detective, the way you pull together all these different elements.Good stuff.It's good stuff.Reverend, what I can't help noticing, is that's about the third time you've complimented us.Is that how you got Jim Halliwell to pony up a 1.5 million bucks? Ultimately, the gift has to come from the heart, but a little encouragement goes a long way.And making him a church elder went all the way to the bank.Those kinds of things are important to Jim.Jim and Penny are very involved in the community.They're well-regarded, and they take justifiable pride in that.They wouldn't wanna disappoint their neighbors.They'd be ashamed.Well, you know, Detective, shame is a very underrated emotion.In the big city, it's very easy to go unnoticed by others.So your conscience becomes your only witness.And for most of us, that's not enough.And I'm sure every Sunday you play that card for all it's worth.Thank you very much for talking to us.One more thing.Assisted su1c1de.What's your church's position? It's contrary to God's Law.A sin.Thank you.I filled the syringe with the chemo medicine, all the way up to the top, and then I injected it into her IV, and then I filled the syringe again all the way up with the rest of the medicine.What happened after you injected the dr*gs? She was feeling worse, her breathing became hard, and she kind of, like, seized up.Yeah, she stayed like that, in a coma for two days.It took her two days to die.How did you get the idea to use the cancer dr*gs? Well, when Claudine first started using the chemo, the doctor told her to be careful, because the medicine is a poison.If you use too much, you could die.You never discussed what you were doing with anybody? No.Did you buy extra medicine from Mr.Halliwell to make sure you had enough? No.Claudine and I, we didn't want anyone knowing what we were doing.We just did what we had to do, you know, just Just the two of us.Mr.Lowell, it took Mrs.Lowell two days to die? Yeah.Two days.I can't imagine what he went through, waiting for her to die.That must've been the worst hour of his life.Hour? He said two days.Well, I'm pretty sure I heard him say an hour.Maybe I need a prescription for my hearing.Reverend.Jim, I'm really glad you're back onboard.It'll make all the difference.Thank you, Reverend.Hey, Jim? Can we have a word? Hello.Aren't you gonna introduce us? Penny, this is Detective I forgot your name.I'm Robert Goren, and this is Detective Alex Eames.- My wife Penny.- Nice to meet you.What it's about is one of your customers, Frank Lowell.Maybe you don't remember him.No, I know who he is.Then you know his wife Claudine d*ed.Of ovarian cancer, yes.Actually, that's not what k*lled her.Mr.Lowell admitted to us it was an assisted su1c1de.He pumped her full of doxorubicin and ifosfamide.I'm sorry to hear that.But it's really none of my business.Well, no, apparently, it is your business.Mr.Lowell made a statement.He said he came to you.He told you his wife was getting worse, she was in constant pain, and he asked you to give him something to take her out of her misery.You told him to give her all the cancer medication that she had left, in one big sh*t.That's not true.It's right here in the statement.You told him how to k*ll his wife.That's assisting a su1c1de.Well, that's ridiculous.I didn't do anything wrong.Nothing wrong? Excuse me, Reverend, didn't you tell us assisting a su1c1de is a sin? Well, yes, but Well, there you go.It's a sin.But it's all lies.I never talked to this man about su1c1de.Come on, Penny.Oh, that's it, run away.You better get yourself a lawyer 'cause the next time you see us, we'll be arresting you for m*rder.This is crazy.I never m*rder*d anyone.Jim wouldn't help anybody commit su1c1de."He told me to give Claudine all the dr*gs at once."That's what I did."An hour later, Claudine was dead." That's what Frank Lowell told us.He's lying.You keep saying that.No, he is lying, and I can prove it.How? There's a fact in here you can prove isn't true? Show me this untrue fact.Is it on this page or She didn't die in an hour.She couldn't have.Why is that? The dr*gs wouldn't have worked that fast.We know how much doxorubicin and ifosfamide she had left.Our experts said it was enough to k*ll her in an hour.It's impossible.Listen, I've been a pharmacist for over 20 years.I know what I'm talking about.Well, how long? Two hours? Twelve? One day? I don't know.But there's no way she d*ed in an hour.Well, I'm sure we'd all like to know why that is.I'd just be speculating.There's no way that she would die in one hour.I mean, that's not speculating, that's certainty.There was something wrong with her dr*gs, wasn't there? No.You diluted her dr*gs, didn't you? No.That's why you knew she wouldn't die in one hour.You wanna know how long it took her? You know how long it took for the poisons to eat away at her heart, and her lungs? Two days.Two days.It was a mistake.It was an honest mistake.An honest mistake he made for four years.You even diluted the dr*gs that you sent to the old age home.- No.- Jim, They found the vials.They showed them to me.Tell them why you did it, Jim.Go ahead.Tell them you did it to pay off the $1.5 million pledge.Go ahead.Who knows, they might forgive you.I'm sorry.I just didn't wanna let you down.Please forgive me.- You're under arrest, Mr.Halliwell.- Please forgive me! Penny! The final tally was He pleaded to one count of fraud and tampering for every patient affected.We agreed to a sentence of 15 years to life.His chance to be the pillar of a whole new community.
02x07 - TomorrowQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:18In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.Put the heaviest bags on the bottom.Not the biggest, but the heaviest.And don't forget the balloons and the sundae cart.Sarah, please.Look at what Lucy's wearing.- Put her in the toggle coat.- Toggle coat? The one with buckles.So you're off to Montauk.And Lucy's off to her nana's house.Tina, I can't thank you enough for loaning me Sarah for our slumber party.It's my pleasure.Everything is self-explanatory.Hannah should be back to help you about 5:00.Right, Hannah? Look, Amanda, the stepmonster's trying to convince Dad not to pay for my trip to Italy.Dad will pay for it.Well, what do you want me to do about it? I'm gonna go chill at Dad's while they're gone.How? You're still banned from there.And besides, they changed the locks.Which is why I need to borrow your keys.Hey.You're gonna help us out, right? You're going with him? No booze, no dope.Just the Knicks and that amazing flat-screen TV.I guarantee it.Come on.Come on, Amanda.Do not blow it.Oh, yeah.Oh, man.Oh, yeah.Let the games begin.Amanda's not ratting you out, she's just being responsible.It's Well, I'm not hurting anybody.But, you know, if my own father doesn't want me here then, uh Rick, that's not what I'm saying.You guys just watching the Knicks? Yeah, and we might go to Shadow Valley.- What? - Nothing.It's a computer game.We'll be back Monday night.Just don't leave a mess.We agreed he wasn't allowed there.I divorced my wife, not my kids.Come on.How much longer is it going to be? Dude, you will not be disappointed.Hey, Sarah.Pull up a bottle.I just came to get another ice cream scooper.The girls are still up at the Whilden's.She's quite the little hottie.I have to get back.I am so not into sitting for the LSAT.And like the world needs more lawyers.Well, I gotta go.It's my idiot brother.You've gotta stop babying him.Okay, Lucy.I told you he shouldn't be here alone.- Look at this mess! - Oh, boy.Mommy, something's wrong with Amanda.Oh, God.No.Lucy, don't look.Is it Rick? It's his roommate.Call the police.Rick? Rick? Rick's not here.Law & Order CI Missing kid's Rick Davenport.That's his sister Amanda.She showed up Sunday.That's his roommate, Josh Phillips.He came up with Davenport late Saturday.We figure there was something going on between these two here, brother didn't much like it.I saw cameras on the way up.In the elevator.None in the stairs.We bagged everything in the trashcans here.Wasn't much in the dumpster downstairs.Check when they were last emptied.Yeah.I was told that there's a nanny.Sarah Eldon.She spent the weekend across the hall working her neighbor's slumber party.Watch out.You're gonna step on something.Peas.He had peas for dinner.Rick and Amanda were very close.Especially after the divorce.If your son were in trouble, where would he go? Well, he'd come to me, of course, or his mother.What are you suggesting? Bill, she's trying to help.Mommy.She just woke up and wanted a hug.- You're Sarah, right? - Yes.Did you see Rick and his friend this weekend? Just Saturday night for a little bit.They were drinking.They made you uncomfortable? Is that why you spent the weekend with the neighbors? Their nanny's a friend of mine.It was just easier for me.Amanda, did you see her? Sarah, Lucy wants a juice.I did not see Amanda.I was hoping Rick would leave early so I could go back upstairs, but the music was on all weekend.Sarah, she's thirsty.And all Rick said was they were going to watch the Knicks and play some computer games.You have to understand Rick wouldn't do a thing like this.- Not to his sister.- Of course not.Was Rick ever institutionalized? And what is that supposed to mean? Bill.He had, uh, been in rehab for drinking.For how long? Once for six weeks, and then eight weeks.Okay.Thank you.Don't tell me you found his diploma from Betty Ford.These peas, they came out of the roommate's gut.The way that they're lined up, that's something that an institutionalized personality does.It's an attempt to exert control in a regimented environment.All that from a few months in rehab? No.That's the point.The person who did this spent several years confined in a prison or a clinic.And this.The bloodstain across the front of the blouse.Looks like two separate stains, one on either side.Her blouse was closed when she bled on it.It was unbuttoned after she was k*lled.But there's no sign of sexual contact.Some clever person's trying to gaslight us.Into believing that Rick Davenport k*lled his sister and his friend in a - A jealous rage.- This was all staged.Everything except this.That was a reflex.Peas? You got to be kidding.You have to admit, it's spooky.What's spooky is the Davenport kid disappearing into thin air.Or down the garbage chute into the dumpster which was emptied Monday morning.Whoa, whoa.Well, if he's alive, he's been on the run for over 48 hours.Hasn't used his credit cards, bank account, hasn't contacted anyone.All right.If he's dead, if he was dropped down the chute, the k*ller would have to know the dumpster would be emptied before the bodies upstairs were discovered.An inside job.Bill Davenport made a k*lling with discount airlines back in the '80s.Now that his two kids from his first marriage are dead Wife number two's kid becomes the sole heir.The evil stepmother had the kids whacked.By who? The big bad wolf? Well, do priors for as*ault qualify? Tina Davenport had charges filed against her nine months ago by somebody named Jinny Canto.Central Park Tuesday, October 9 No, no, Ma'am.Tina never hit me.I work for a nice family now.I don't want any trouble.She didn't slap you? That's what it said in your complaint, before you dropped it.It was all a confusion, Ma'am.Just Well, okay.You're working for a nice family now, right? It takes a special person to raise somebody else's children.Do you have your own children back in the Philippines? Yes.A boy and a girl.They live with my sister.You send them money every month? So when the Davenports offered you extra money to forget about the complaint, you took it.Hmm? For your kids, right? How did Mrs.Davenport get along with Rick and Amanda? She pretends she likes them, and then she screams when Mr.William gives them money.Especially Mr.Rick.She didn't let him come home anymore.How do you know this? All the nannies here, they talk.Ma'am Tina says Rick tried to k*ll little Lucy.I'd never hit a servant.Jinny filed that ridiculous complaint because we fired her.She was stealing.My husband's diamond cufflinks, his gold watch.Sounds like you could've filed a complaint against her.Yes, well, we never actually caught her red-handed.What? You just fired her without any proof? Was there something else? Something that she knew? Something that she saw? Don't be sordid.She tried to hold us up for a raise.And if we didn't pay, she threatened to have us arrested, because she was made to sleep in Lucy's room.Which could be construed as forcing her to work around the clock.A violation of labor laws.Which is pretty smart for a country girl from the Philippines.I don't understand where you're going with this.There's a rumor going around about your stepson.You banned him from your home? There was a good reason for that.Rick tried to k*ll your daughter Lucy? I never said he tried to k*ll her.What exactly did he do? I was away for the weekend.Rick was staying with his father.He'd left his anxiety pills all over the guestroom and Lucy got hold of them.If Bill hadn't found Of course Rick denied he even took medication.Maybe you were afraid that next time it wouldn't be an accident.What are you talking about? We don't think Rick committed these murders.In fact, he may be a victim.Now that he and Amanda are gone, you don't have to be afraid for Lucy.You can devote all your husband's considerable resources into safeguarding her future.They found the Davenport kid at a garbage transfer station in New Jersey.Office of Medical Examiner Thursday, October 11 Cause of death was asphyxiation.This mark, it's a belt buckle.Yeah.I was getting to that.It's consistent with a belt buckle.The bruises overlap.The belt was tightened more than once.- Erotic asphyxiation.- He was k*lled during sex.Which is why there was lip balm on his genitals.Lip balm that neither of the other victims was wearing.Did you do a tox scan? Yeah.Anything in particular? Anti-anxiety medication.Alprazolam.Negative.If he'd taken it in the last month? No, there'd be trace amounts in his liver.Which there wasn't.And there's no record it was ever prescribed to him.So who left the pills the little girl found? Well, we're not the only ones being gaslighted.I never steal anything from Ma'am Tina.Never.She just makes me so mad.She made you sleep in Lucy's room on top of taking care of Lucy all day.Did you know that was a violation of labor laws? Yes.And how did you know that? One of the nannies at the park told you? No.Mrs.Whilden's nanny.The neighbor across the hall? Her name is Hannah Price.She's very nice to me.She helped me learn about American things.Like standing up for your rights.Yes.Was it her idea to tell the Davenports they couldn't make you sleep in Lucy's room? She told me it was not legal.She didn't tell you that you might get fired if you made trouble, did she? No, she said Ma'am Tina would just give me more money, no problem.One more thing.Did Hannah ever talk to you about Rick Davenport? She said he was handsome.Of course Tina got rid of Jinny.She was a thief and a troublemaker.How did your nanny react? Hannah? I'm sure she didn't care one way or the other.Did she mention working for the Davenports? What Hannah said was, since my daughters were getting older, she was feeling a little overwhelmed.In any event, the co-op has an understanding, we can't have nannies pitting one family against another.I told Hannah.That was the end of it.I bet she was disappointed after all the trouble she went to.All what trouble? Getting Jinny Canto fired so she could be closer to Rick Davenport.Oh, come off it.No, Hannah's just not that kind of girl.She knows her place.Especially when there was an opening across the hall.She was just, you know That was Hannah's way of telling me she wanted a raise.And once we settled that, she even helped Tina find a new nanny.Sarah Eldon.Hannah knows her from the park.- Hi, Mommy.- Hey, sweetie.Go get changed.Here, let me help you.Oh, she can manage.- Can't you, Hannah? - Yes, ma'am.You see? She knows her place.You know, I meant to ask, do you or your husband take anti-anxiety pills? In the first place, I am divorced.And in the second, that is none of your business.Sounds like a yes on the pills.She treats him so bad.She's such a meanie.She doesn't deserve him.None of them do.- Did he ask about me? - I don't think so.Lucy, don't go down there, okay? Never mind Lucy.Did he ask about me? Ouch.Every day, Hannah.You can see how much he cares.And what else? Tell me.And he's going to Paris next month.I think he might ask us to go.I knew it! Oh, God! Sarah, let's go.Lucy! Daddy's here.Hey, kiddo.How you doing? Mr.Davenport, I'm really sorry about Rick and Amanda.Hi.Mrs.Whilden isn't in.Right.We've been ringing the bell.The doorman thought that she was home.Hey, is it okay if we, you know, wait inside? She said she was having lunch with some of her lady friends.Lunch.I almost forgot about lunch.Is that your tummy I hear growling? Mmm-hmm.I'll get you lunch in a minute, sweetie.Are we keeping you from something? Mrs.Whilden asked me to tape a show for her on TV.Oh, hey, go ahead.We'll get lunch started.There's some tofu bologna on the bottom shelf.How about veggies? Do you like veggies? All right.Let's see what we have.Corn nibblets.You want to nibble on some nibblets? Yes.All right.This is gonna be an excellent lunch.Mrs.Whilden told us that you helped your friend Sarah get a job with the Davenports.Just lucky I knew someone.And lucky there was a job opening.You met Sarah at the park? That's right.Isn't that a risk, recommending somebody you just met? Sometimes you just get a good feeling about people.Well, Sarah's a very sweet girl.The Davenports are very lucky to have her.Especially at a time like this, huh? I'm sorry, I made a mess.It's no bother.One thing about Sarah, she's very shy.Yeah, she's not very sophisticated.Did you notice that? Well, she's from a small town.Oh, that's what we thought.Where? Upstate? I don't know.She never talks about where she's from? Uh Well, I just don't remember the name of it.What else do you guys talk about? You tell stories about your bosses? No.Oh, come on, I bet you have some juicy ones.Especially about Rick Davenport.We have other things to talk about.I saw a picture of him.He was handsome.I'm sorry, I have work to get on with.I have to change Abby and redd up her room before Mrs.Whilden comes home.You're from Pennsylvania.No, because you just said you need to "redd up" her room.That's what people say in Western Pennsylvania.I don't know.I'm from somewhere else.I think I just heard the videotape go off.Well, I better check it.Our virtual tour of Western Pennsylvania turned up a five-year-old arrest for Hannah Price in Meadville.It's a juvenile record, it's sealed.Could be for shoplifting.It's meaningless.The meaning is, there's a residential treatment center for children in Meadville.Where she was institutionalized? Probably.Her records are sealed.I can't help you unseal them.All you have is peas and corn kernels.You're a few lima beans short of succotash, Detectives.Succotash? Your evidence is anecdotal.I line up my shoes at night.Why am I not surprised? Idiosyncrasies won't sway the Pennsylvania attorney general.I can't even explain to him why these girls committed these murders.The answers are in those records.You'll have to find another way.Juvenile Treatment Center Meadville, Pennsylvania Monday, October 15 The rules on privacy are pretty clear.We're kind of at a dead end.See, my kid brother got engaged to this girl Her brother isn't the best judge of character.This girl had been very sketchy about her past.You know for a fact she was a resident here? She had this box of letters and some of them were addressed to her here.We didn't read the letters, of course.Why don't you just ask her? No.Her brother wouldn't like that.We need to know why Hannah was living here.Hannah.Hannah Price.Hannah lost her mother when she was six.Her father was unable to care for her, so she lived here.- For how long? - Till she was 16.Don't kids go to foster homes, normally? Yes, normally Look, if something's wrong with her and somebody gets hurt All I can tell you is that I just remember Hannah as a bright little girl who loved having her ears tickled.Is that both ears together? Yeah.It was something her mother used to do.A family thing.Didn't your brother say that Hannah had a sister? Oh Sandra.Sarah.Sarah.She had a different last name.Eldon.Now, is that because she was adopted? Yes.By a family in the area? Sarah just loved it.And it always had to be both ears at the same time.Something her mother did when Sarah was little.What happened to the mother? Lori d*ed in prison of AIDS.And the father? He ran out on them after Sarah was born.You did say Sarah was okay.She's not in any trouble? She's fine.It's Hannah we're interested in.You're not surprised.She's had a difficult life growing up with no family.We're curious about that.Don't they try to have siblings adopted together? That was our idea at first.But Hannah was a handful.She was always breaking things.She'd lied about everything.She was distant? You'd try to give her affection and she'd pull back.We tried so hard.But they told us she was pretty much a done deal.She probably didn't want to be adopted.That's what she said.She had this notion that one day her father was gonna come back for her.She told the caseworkers she didn't care if they were split up.She wanted Sarah to have a family.- She cared about her little sister.- Yes.When Sarah told us that Hannah had found her a job in New York City, we weren't so worried.Have you talked to her since? Not for a while.But she did send George a card on his birthday.Could we see it? "Dear Daddy, happy birthday from the Big Apple." "I miss you both so much." "Oh, Mommy, can you believe Madelyn's baby is Lance's?" Who are Madelyn and Lance? That's just our soap opera.We used to watch it together."Daddy, I'm kind of on a tight budget, but I want you to have these." "They were my father's." "You were there when he wasn't and I want you to have them." What did she give you? Cufflinks.Diamond cufflinks.She won't ever go back to him, even if he gets his memory back.But when she thought he was dead, she said she'd always love him.You are so naive.Where's Lucy? Hannah told me she was with you.We already looked through Sarah's room.Well, I can assure you that I look through Hannah's room on a regular basis and I have never found anything wrong.Stupid us, going to the trouble to get search warrants.In the Shadow of Tomorrow.That's a soap opera that she tapes.It's a little low-brow, but hardly criminal.Guess you didn't look in here."W.S.D." "W.S.D." William Davenport.Every night I went to sleep dreaming of the day my real father would come for me.And the man I dreamed about looked exactly like you.What is this? In the Shadow of Tomorrow, airdate June 5, 1997.This lovely couple in bed over here.That's Lance and Keri.Keri was "Miss Shadow Valley 1996." And she's wearing a scarf around her neck because they're experimenting in erotic asphyxia.March 1998.Angela's two-year-old daughter went into a coma when she accidentally ate Angela's tranquilizers.And this one.November of last year.It's Eden Montgomery and her stepfather on the eve of her wedding.They belonged to my father.You were there for me when he wasn't, and I want you to have them, Daddy.Let me guess, cufflinks.This soap opera for these girls, this is their playbook.Their whole life is a play.This is real.I had no idea.I mean In hindsight it makes sense.Hannah always made a special effort to make me notice her.Rick or Amanda ever let on they knew about this fixation on you? No, of course they didn't know.They No hint your son was having sex with Hannah that night? No.I told you, he said they were going to watch basketball and play some computer games.What computer games? Do you remember? Because we didn't find any games.He called it Shadow something.Shadow Shadow Valley? Yes.Shadow Valley.What? Shadow Valley is the place where the soap opera was set.The fact that your son knew about the girls' fantasy might have triggered the murders.I can't believe we allowed these monsters into our home.What I'm interested in, is how these monsters interacted.It was clear who was the boss.Hannah.How could you tell? Bill and I gave Sarah a cashmere sweater for her birthday.She was practically in tears, she was so appreciative.She wore the sweater all weekend long, and then she never wore it again.Hannah took it.I saw her wearing it.We took Lucy to her grandmother's this morning, after you called us.We need to get back to her.Mr.Davenport, we may need your help later on today.Who's the worst pro bono lawyer you know? The worst? That's easy.Stan Shatenstein.You know, hypothetically, how would we get Stan Shatenstein assigned to two defendants? What would we do? What would you do, hypothetically? Since Mr.Shatenstein covers night court, you'd make sure your defendants were arrested after 7:00 p.m.Well, m*rder one.So the death penalty's on the table here? Yes, it is, Mr.Shatenstein.What's your thinking here? We're thinking this one was taking orders from her big sister.Oh, yeah? Sarah, we know you and Hannah k*lled those people.We know it for a fact.We're offering you the chance to save not only your own life, but your sister's as well.We didn't hurt anyone.We didn't.There's something else that we know.We know why you did it.That Rick found out something that he wasn't supposed to.Something about Hannah.And then he used that knowledge to force Hannah to have sex with him and to have sex with his buddy Josh.Don't bother denying it.Here's another thing we know for a fact.Hannah stole these things from the Davenports.That's what Rick found out.That Hannah was a thief.That's what he had on her and he threatened to call the police, right? Sarah, we talked to the Eldon's in Pennsylvania.We know you're a good person.And the Davenports, they think the world of you.They want to help you.We told them whatever you did that night, it was because Hannah made you do it.You're nothing like her at all.You have people who raised you.Who love you.But Hannah I mean, she's She's like a paper cup in the breeze.She's not like that.You don't even know her.It's okay if you feel sorry for her.It's okay.But right now you have to think of yourself.You have to think of yourself.I don't know anything.I don't know anything.Well, when you're ready to talk to us, give Mr.Shatenstein a call.The DA said he'd be sending you the SVDF by tomorrow morning.Okay.Uh, what's that? It's a special form for capital cases.You haven't done a lot of capital cases, have you? I don't think he knows what he's doing.What did you say to those cops? Nothing, Hannah.I would never.Do they know? About that? No, they don't know about that.I thought they did, but they don't.They wanted me to say that you were the bad one.Because I got adopted and you didn't.But I didn't say that, Hannah.I swear.What's gonna happen to us? What's gonna happen to us, Hannah? Remember when Eden was in that prison in South America? How she was saved in the nick of time? We don't have anything to worry about.We just stick together, like always.Supreme Court Arraignment Tuesday, October 23 "Case number 163-3202."People v.Hannah Price and Sarah Eldon, "m*rder in the first degree, three counts." Your honor, if I may.I'm Elizabeth Carr from Eddington and Taft.I've been retained on behalf of the defendant.Are you here for both? No, just Sarah Eldon.Fine.Mr.Shatenstein, you're relieved from representing Miss Eldon.You'll be Miss Price's attorney.How does your client plead, Ms.Carr? Not guilty.Not guilty.And your client, Mr.Shatenstein? Not guilty.Your honor, at this time, I'm serving the people with a motion to sever.Have you anything to say about this here, Mr.Shatenstein? Uh, nothing right now, Judge.All right.People avail? No bail, Your Honor.The defendants have no jobs, no home, no ties to the community.Your honor, Miss Eldon is employed by Mr.William Davenport, the father of two of the victims.It's Mr.Davenport who retained me to represent her because he believes in her innocence.He's prepared to post any amount of bail to ensure her appearance.I hope be brought his checkbook.Bail is set at $2 million.My client also has significant ties to the community.She has no reason to flee.No reason to flee? She's facing the death penalty.With all due respect to Mr.Shatenstein, bail as to defendant Price is denied.Wait! Wait! - Where are you taking me? - Come on! I have to stay with my sister! - Come on, now.- Wait! What are you doing? Get off of me! Don't worry about Sarah.She's in good hands.That lawyer she's got there is pretty sharp.Hey, Mr.Shatenstein explain to you what happened back there in the courtroom? The motion to sever? No.What does that mean? It means that you and Sarah are gonna be tried separately.That'll be easier for Sarah's lawyer to, you know, blame you for the murders.Sarah would never do that to me.Maybe not.What I'm trying to say is, that at some point, Sarah is just gonna have to do what her lawyer tells her to do.Is that what happened with the adoptions? Because it never really made sense to us.Adoption agencies, they keep siblings together.I didn't want to be adopted.You stayed behind in that warehouse for kids because you wanted your little sister to have a better life.Does she know what you did for her? Does she know how lucky she is to have you watching out for her? We're lucky to have each other.Well, right now she's the lucky one.With Bill Davenport.Here.Well, look at the way he behaves towards her.You know, the way he tells her things.He's very He's very fatherly.Well, it must be fate how their paths crossed.- I got her that job.- I know.You know, it's really unfair.Considering that you're the one that did all the work to get close to him.When you first saw him, Hannah,did he look like the man that you dreamed about when you dreamed about your real father coming for you? - What did you say to me? - That's what Sarah told us.No, she didn't! Yes.She told us all about you You are lying! There they go.She's going home.Next time you see her it'll be in the courtroom when she testifies against you.No! That'll be the last time, because Bill Davenport won't allow her to see you in jail.Sarah will take the place of his dead daughter.She's gonna become Lucy's big sister.It'll be like you never existed.No! Sarah! Sarah! Sarah! They were pigs! They laughed at us! I'll tell you everything! She helped me k*ll Rick in the bed.She helped me.And Amanda, it was her idea to call Amanda.She knew her number.I didn't! She k*lled Amanda! Sarah! Sarah! Sarah! I want my sister! I want Sarah! Well, our little ploy worked.She gave up her sister.Gave up.Yes, and no.
02x08 - The PilgrimQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:19In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.Sorry I'm late.I wanted to find that wine you like, and I had to go all the way to the Bowery.Al, honey? What? No way.No way.Pick up.Pick up.It's me.I thought things were really great, and now I find this typed letter not even signed? You have to talk to me, Al.If this has anything to do with my parents coming, it's really not okay.I'm not mad, I just wanna talk.Maybe he's just scared of committing.The way you talk about your dad.It's not my dad.It's him.He's got somebody else.- I could just k*ll him.- If you could find him.Oh, I'll find him.Watch this.Al, this is Leslie again.You don't call me in the next 12 hours, you're in big trouble.I know what's been going on at school.Like that ever works.I gotta go to the gym, see you.Please, honey, just call me.Please.If you don't have enough money why don't you put back the vermouth? You can't make a martini without vermouth, okay? How much you need? Oh, no, that's okay.She needs 80 cents.Here.If you give me your address, I'll send you the money.Forget it.Thanks for letting us in.I don't know why she didn't meet us at the airport.Leslie? Yoo hoo? It's Mom, we're here.What's this? Leslie? Her purse and her wallet and her keys are here.Please call the police.Maybe she's visiting somebody in the / Just call them now.And use your cell.And don't touch anything.Law & Order CI Missing woman is Leslie Dornan.Neighbors haven't seen her since yesterday.She have a boyfriend, girlfriend? Not according to her folks.- Her father's a cop? - Pittsburgh PD, retired.Guess he knew which strings to pull to get Major Case here.This turns into anything, we'll put you in on the collar.Go ahead, impress me.It's Aramaic.It's the language that Christ spoke in.Parts of the Old Testament were written in it.But don't ask me what it means.This is Aramaic too.Mr.And Mrs.Dornan? Is that your daughter's handwriting? I don't know.I can't tell.This wall-hanging here? My mother brought that back from Turkey.It's the Lord's Prayer.But I don't think that Leslie knew that language.The last time you talked to her, how did she sound? She sounded fine.Leslie wouldn't hurt herself.She loves life, she's a fighter.The detective said you didn't think Leslie was involved with anybody.No, she wasn't.Well, she definitely had a regular visitor.This is hair gel.He liked to sit here and watch TV.He'd rest his head against the wall.Those are scuff marks.He liked to put his feet on the table.Well, he's tall.Six, 6'4".If she had a boyfriend Why didn't she tell you? How about you tell us about her boyfriend? Al? They broke up last Tuesday.Leslie came home, his stuff was gone.She was furious.She kept leaving messages on his phone, how she was gonna make trouble for him.Let's start with Al's full name.Alan what? It's not Alan.It's Ali Al-Javad.He's Moroccan.He's a grad student at Hunter.Is that why she didn't tell her parents about him? Because he's Moroccan? Her dad could be pretty intense.She must have really liked him.He made her feel so special.He bought her expensive gifts, antiques.I noticed the coffee table.That was a gift? Yes.He had me buy that for her in Amsterdam last summer.He just gave you a bunch of money and told you to buy what you want? No.He gave me the name of the antique store.They took care of the shipping.Who picked up the coffee table on this end? We all did.We took my brother's van to the customs broker in Jersey.Just the table.Nothing else? Yes.If you're trying to freak me out, it's working.How did Al and Leslie meet? You're embarrassed.Did he pick her up in a bar or maybe a chat room? It's not sleazy.It's the Singular Singles website.You can see their video, hear what they have to say.It's not like a total pick-up.I love dancing salsa and singing karaoke.This is the boyfriend, Ali Al-Javad.My dream girl is a full-figured American lady who loves to laugh.Give me some mail.No, he's not Moroccan.When Moroccans speak English, they sound French.I'd put this guy further east.How about we put him in this seat? You talk to his college? Well, he registered two years ago.Took a full load the first semester and then one class each semester after that.Just enough to satisfy the requirements of his student visa.And then he found a girlfriend.Someone vulnerable, grateful for the attention.Somebody who'd be afraid to ask too many questions.He moved in with her, everything's in her name.He stays off the radar.He's a sleeper.Maybe, just maybe, this guy doesn't like school.Maybe he's just here for a good time.We still have a missing woman.A 33-year-old single woman who'd been drinking, who'd been dumped.I mean Someone is trying very hard to convince us she committed su1c1de.This is the translation off the wall writing.It's from the Old Testament.The Song of Songs."Night after night on my bed, I have sought my true love." "I have sought him but not found him." "I have called him but he has not answered." They wanted to write a su1c1de note, but they couldn't fake her handwriting, so they wrote it in Aramaic.Ali took a flight out of Newark to Germany Tuesday night.The day before Leslie disappeared.One of his buddies must have taken care of her.He left the country the same day he left her? Well, whatever job he had to do here, it was over.Look at this itinerary.He had to connect through Atlanta and Paris.No.He could have flown direct from JFK for half the price.Maybe he was hooking up with somebody in those cities.Or maybe it was about leaving out of Newark.He had something to do in New Jersey before getting on that plane.The table.The table he had Leslie's friend buy in Amsterdam, it was shipped to a customs broker in Jersey.An antique that he could have bought in SoHo for less money.It was a dry run.He was testing the customs inspection.He brought something else in.He had to take delivery of it or maybe hand it off to somebody before leaving the country.All Ashore Customs Broker Weehawken, New Jersey Friday, November 1 Tuesday, yes, Mr.Al-Javad picked up a crate of household goods from the Netherlands.Did Customs inspect it? Inspect? Oh, the crate? You're kidding, right? I guess we are.How large a crate was it? Three foot by three foot.Weight, 80 pounds.The container the crate was shipped in, where would that be now? Ali's crate was loaded in first.That would put it somewhere in the back.You know, we get about six million containers a year coming in, and we only check about 2% of them.The more I know the less I sleep.This corner here is positive for expl*sives.Do you have any idea how much? Judging by the way Homer's bouncing around, I'd say a lot.So much for sleep.The lab tests from the container came back positive for Titadine.It's a high-yield, high-grade form of dynamite.Titadine.There was an advisory on that stuff last year.Eight tons of it were stolen from a factory in France.Most of it's unaccounted for.Until this morning.The Feds and the Joint Task Force are gonna be all over this.You're not suggesting we bow out.Hell, no.We've got a suspected homicide to clear.Where are we with Mr.Al-Javad's accomplices? We found a number of prints from the rental van.I like this guy.Jorge Galvez.His prints were on the inside of the cargo area of the van.He's got a juvenile record in Baltimore.It's g*ng related.Then he served three years here for assaulting a motorist over a fender bender.A rageholic.Since he was paroled two years ago, he's been clean.Not even a parking ticket.His last year in prison he worked in the library, he got his GED.Something put him back on the straight and narrow.A religious conversion? He wouldn't be the first person to find God behind bars.Some people find Allah.Some people find Jesus.There are a lot of teams in the league.Galvez finished his parole, but maybe his PO is still in touch with him.Smokin' Chicken Brooklyn, New York Monday, November 4 Jorge hasn't worked here since a year ago last spring.What happened to him? He went to the hospital.His appendix burst.After that he disappeared.His last paycheck I mailed to his apartment, it got returned.You meet any of his friends? Just the people from the prison outreach program.What about his religious friends? His parole officer told us that he converted to Islam when he was in prison.And I can see that you sell halal chicken, meaning it's slaughtered according to Muslim tradition.I know that your community has had a rough year and we are not looking to make things any worse.There's a missing girl.Jorge might be involved.We need to find him.I took him to our mosque, helped him with his Arabic so he could read the Koran.Jorge had this big chip on his shoulder.He'd talk a lot of trash about America, how oppressed he was.I told him, you stop breaking the law, you won't feel so oppressed.When Jorge went to the emergency for his appendix, who took care of him? A girlfriend? A nurse.He was at Mount Sinai for over a week.A week? I like your health coverage.Our health coverage is my wife's chicken soup.We don't cover hospitals.Somebody had to guarantee that hospital bill.I just signed the hospital papers.The prison outreach program that I was working with at the time, they had a fund for that sort of thing.Have you seen Jorge since? No.Once his parole was up, we didn't keep in touch.Excuse me.That's a smart question, Randy.That's your name, right? Randy asked why the Greek Bible is called the Septuagint.Septua means 70 and the story is that it took 70 scholars to translate the Hebrew Bible into Greek.At the great library at Alexandria in Egypt, right, Mr.Edwards? Right.The library and its 700,000 books were destroyed by fire over 1,300 years ago.My mother was a librarian.They just built a new library on the site of the original.This time with state of the art smoke detectors.You've been? I've read about it.I'm one of five people who actually reads the Smithsonian magazine.Six.Yeah, one of six.I should get back to class.Substitute teacher.You must like punishment.I like making a contribution.I wish you could make one to our case.He had an uncle in Baltimore.A dry cleaner.He was talking about hitting him up for work.I hope that helps.Jorge's uncle, the dry cleaner, d*ed three years ago.So either Jorge lied to Edwards or Edwards lied to us.What's this? It's the Smithsonian article on the new library in Alexandria.When Edwards mentioned smoke detectors, it didn't ring a bell.You actually read this when it came out? The magazine's the perfect size for my treadmill.There's nothing in here about smoke detectors.And since there's no reason Edwards would mention a detail like that He's been to Egypt in the last year.The State Department would know.The Egyptian consulate in Munich issued a tourist visa to Ethan Edwards a year ago last June.A week later, they issued another one to Jorge Galvez.They both got passports in April last year.They both left the country in the same week, and they both got back two months ago.Sounds like they had a meeting of the minds.Edwards' co-workers, at the outreach program, they knew he was a Muslim, but he didn't become political until he met Jorge Galvez.The school board have an address on Edwards? Just a PO box.I'll get Carver working on a subpoena for the postal records.You two call the task force.- Bedroom clear! - Bathroom clear! Living room clear! This is not good.It's rat poison.Rat poison's an anticoagulant.su1c1de bombers in Israel, they use it to mix with the shrapnel when making bombs.The idea is when their victims are wounded, they bleed to death.A su1c1de bomber.When the hell did this kid decide that's what he wanted to be when he grows up? Doesn't look like he's planning to grow up.This is the crate they shipped from overseas.The K-9 unit came up positive for expl*sives.Once we get all this weighed, we'll know how much Titadine we have to worry about.Edwards lived here alone until a couple of weeks ago, another man described as male, Hispanic.- Galvez.- We couldn't get a positive ID.At this point, we're not sure which one's the actual su1c1de bomber.It could be a su1c1de bomber, or they might try and use a remote-controlled device.Well, I'm going with a su1c1de bomber.You see here, here and here.Something was taped to the wall.The paint was ripped off when it was taken down.And duct tape residue.The sheet was used as a backdrop.And These three marks.Probably a tripod.I think they made a video tape.A su1c1de note.The Bureau feels releasing any information to the public is counterproductive.It might even provoke these people to step up their operation.They already know we got their scent.We weighed that crate, they have 50 pounds of Titadine, they made a vest, they're good to go.Agent O'Dell, it's established practice to let the eyes and ears of the American public help us deal with t*rror1st threats.For once we have more to offer them than a color scheme.We have the actual photos of the t*rrorists which the District Attorney will recommend be released to the media.I'll let my people know that.We're still tracking down Galvez's associates and relatives here and in Baltimore.We got some background on Edwards, he might have family up in Westchester.Which one is the designated martyr? Galvez took electronics courses in prison.He probably assembled the b*mb.Which leaves Edwards the job of carrying it.What are his qualifications? Theology major at Manhattan University with a minor in languages.He speaks Spanish, Arabic, working knowledge of Greek, Hebrew, Aramaic.Everything you'd need to study the Bible in the original text.He volunteers in soup kitchens.He mentored kids in inner city schools.How can a man with that background m*rder innocent people? Well, that's probably why he made a tape.To explain himself.We can always ask his parents.Home of Joe & Vera Edwards Bronxville, New York Thursday, November 7 It's because of his religious beliefs, that's why you singled him out.Mr.Edwards, will you please just answer my question? He called last July.He was in Phoenix.He'd just gotten back from traveling around Europe.And Egypt.He got a visa for Egypt last year.Yes, he visited Egypt.Why aren't you telling us anything? Is Ethan hurt? We spoke to Ethan three days ago.He's working as a substitute teacher in Queens.Did you know that's what he was doing? No.If Ethan wanted us to know he was here, he would've told us.Mr.Edwards, I need you to unlock the door to the garage.This woman is missing.Leslie Dornan.Maybe Ethan knows what happened to her.- Is she his girlfriend? - No.It's complicated.Ethan would never hurt anyone.He's a very ethical person.Well, he's certainly familiar with the Ten Commandments.He's got the Torah, the Koran, the Bible with notes written in the margins.He followed a path of study.He probably would've been a minister if it weren't for his father.Your husband doesn't like religion? Joe's a chemist.He likes tangible things.And Ethan embraced the intangible.Have you ever talked to him about his conversion to Islam? He said it made him feel centered and connected to something bigger than him.When was this picture taken? That's the summer I took Ethan to do volunteer work in Appalachia.He was just ten.Did your husband take that picture? No.Joe didn't go with us.It wasn't a good time in your marriage? Maybe it brought you and Ethan closer.When Ethan was traveling, maybe he contacted you more than your husband.He sent me e-mails.He called me once, after the att*cks.I wasn't sure where he was.Did he talk about the att*cks? He wanted to know if anyone we knew had been hurt.He sounded very shaky.He wanted to come home, but he said he had things he had to do first.You're probably the one person that he's afraid to disappoint.Oh, he knows that couldn't happen.You said that Ethan was looking for a connection to something bigger than himself.Now, if he found people that offered that connection, he might be persuaded to do things that he found morally repugnant.What things? A su1c1de bombing.Oh, my God, no.Oh, Ethan.You can help us bring him in.As we reported earlier, Vera Edwards, the mother of fugitive t*rror1st suspect Ethan Edwards, suffered a massive heart att*ck after being informed that her son might be a member of a t*rror1st cell.A spokesperson for Saint Peters hospital says that Mrs.Edwards remains in very critical condition.In fact We're monitoring the hospital, the parents' house, phones, e-mails.In the hopes he'll reach out to his dying mother? Detective Goren feels that she's a role model for Edwards.They've got something.You raised me to believe you can't take without giving back.So really, this is a path I was always meant to walk.Tell everyone that there's a message coming, and America better read it carefully because it's being written in a language it understands.It was e-mailed to his parents.It's clean, nothing embedded, no way to trace where it came from.This is a streaming video, right? Like the videos on Singular Singles? The software to process and send a streaming video, are they all the same? No.There are different kinds.And each one would have a signature on the video? Sure.Why? Hello, I'm Khalid.I'm a stock analyst with an MBA from Wharton School of Business.I enjoy sports This is the only video I found on Singular Singles that uses the same software as the Edwards video.I like romantic dinners and long walks in the city at night.Let's give him his long walk.Get his phone number and address from the website.I got pizza.Police! Get him down, get him down! He was gonna k*ll Edwards.Keep Edwards from talking.Talk about what? We got the b*mb.One of the bombs.This vest weighs about 40 pounds and minus the shrapnel.We've only got about 20, There's another vest out there.Our search of Khalid's place didn't turn up any leads to Jorge or to what their target might be.These items were in Ethan's knapsack.We're not sure what this is."1/55 at 31." It doesn't correspond to any address.The Bureau is assuming Galvez and Edwards were planning a coordinated att*ck.The first man detonates in a crowd.The second man waits for rescue personnel to arrive or targets the crowd fleeing the first expl*si*n.All we need is when and where.Well, they'd pick a confined space to maximize the concussive power of the shock waves bouncing off the walls.If we assume Galvez sticks to the plan.Do we have a choice? The task force turned up an e-ticket in Khalid's name for a flight out of JFK to Madrid tomorrow night.If this follows the MO, it means his part of the job would be over by then.Which puts the target date for the operation within days from now.Step into him fast.You're an American citizen, Ethan.Born and raised.Free to worship in a religion of your choice.How can you sit there and let Jorge k*ll innocent Americans? Well, maybe what they say is true, you're a traitor.The worst kind of scum.No, I'm not a traitor.One nation under God.My allegiance is to God, to Allah.k*lling in the name of God is good? It's better to k*ll in the name of oil? I don't get it, Ethan.Your family told us you were upset by 9/11.It was a mistake.It was too much.But then America sent g*n ships and k*lled hundreds of innocent people, women, children.that no one learned.So we need what? A refresher course? Look, I'm sure that he has it all worked out.Anyway, this is all, you know, big-picture stuff.My partner and I, we're here for the little picture.For Leslie Dornan.Her parents just wanna bury her.You know, it just occurred to me that you haven't asked about your mom.You don't wanna know how she is? How is she? We're working on the barter system here, Ethan.You give us something, we give you something.You're afraid.No, you're afraid that you're gonna fail this test.That those other guys were right.Who? What are you talking about? Well, the reason why Khalid tried to k*ll you.To protect the operation.I accept that.He knew it.And the other guys at the training camp, they knew it, too.Ethan, when it comes right down to it, this is really not your fight.I mean, you don't have centuries of injustice and colonial oppression to harden your resolve.I'm a Muslim.It's my fight, too.You know, I read the Koran a long time ago.When I was in the army, I was stationed in Germany.And there was this girl who lived near the base, she was Turkish.She was Muslim.I wanted to impress her.And you know, it's really not what you'd expect.For example, they recognize the right for women to vote, to own and inherit property.To divorce their husbands.And this was written what? Like 1,300 years ago.It's the true word of God.Well, you would know.You've been looking for the true word.You've been searching for God.But there's one thing that I couldn't find in here.And that's the part where Allah, you know, tells everybody to just go ahead and indiscriminately k*ll innocent people.I mean, that part, that's not in here.I mean, where is that? Must be in some secret chapter.But it isn't because I didn't miss it, did I, Ethan? I mean, it's exactly what my Muslim friends told me is that it's not in the Koran.That there's no sanction for what you were planning to do and what Jorge still plans to do.No, we weren't You weren't what? Let me show you something.This x-ray is of a su1c1de b*mb victim in Israel.This victim has no external injuries, no shrapnel wounds.Just this white mass.Emergency room doctors call this the white butterfly.It's what the heart and lungs and other internal organs look like after they've been turned into soup by the concussion from the b*mb.Ethan, what I want to know is you went searching for God, how did you end up looking for targets? That's probably news about your mother.Oh, by the way, this x-ray is of a five-year-old girl.I was sent by God.So are we.We have to consider another option.Sodium Amytal.Truth serum? I've seen it used on Soviet defectors, and it didn't work.If we inject him, we'll lose his trust, and it'll waste time.Ethan is a difficult subject, and we have nothing to leverage him with.We have his sense of morality.His sense of morality is what got us here in the first place.The FBI has access to it, doesn't it? I'm not getting squat without authorization from Justice.The new FBI.Well, isn't that what the President said? You're either with us or against us? He sees the world in high contrast.It's black and white.Our way or the highway.He has no idea what we sound like to the rest of the world.Washington's still making up its mind.Progress? So, you gonna lead us out of our ignorance? I just want America and the West to stop trying to control the destiny of my Muslim brothers and sisters.Surgery? So, you think by blowing yourself up is a step in the right direction? Martyrdom has a lot of symbolic value.Buddhist monks set themselves on fire to protest their religious persecution.A man did it at the Pentagon in the '60s to protest the Vietnam w*r.And they were understood loud and clear because they didn't muddy it up by k*lling other people.You ever think about that instead of a su1c1de b*mb? Well, I'm sure things made a lot more sense six months ago.You know, they were much clearer I'm just tired.No, no, no, no, no.You had doubts long before you ran into us.About how all this k*lling squares up with the will of a merciful God.Of course I had doubts.I'm not a psychopath.Well, you had more than doubts.You knew you were lost."Night after night on my bed, I sought my true love." "I sought him but not found him." "I call him but he does not answer." In the trade we call this a tell, Ethan.You didn't write the verse on Leslie's wall by mistake.You wrote it 'cause you were calling out to God, and he's not answering.And you haven't felt this lost since that summer you went to Appalachia when your parents separated.And that is your personal struggle, your jihad, to find connection to something bigger than yourself.And nothing's bigger than God.And the moment you realized you lost connection with him was when you were watching Jorge k*ll Leslie.It wasn't supposed to happen.He was just gonna talk to her.So if Leslie had to die to protect your mission then maybe there was something wrong with your mission.Something unjust.And that's what was going through your head.I wouldn't k*ll innocent civilians.Well, Leslie's dead.And more innocent people will die if Jorge sets off his b*mb.There's only one way back to God.There's only one way to make your parents understand that you're not about this or this.If I tell you where she is, what do I get? We'll tell you how your mother's doing.I'll write down the address.If you tell us where Jorge is, how we can stop him, we might let you know where your mother is.Whatever happens is God's will.Boiler Room Webster Projects Bronx, New York Sunday, November 10 I hope this doesn't turn out to be the consolation prize.These hairs under Leslie's fingernails.Yeah.Blond hairs, short, razor cut, black roots.- Jorge's gone blond.- I have shoe prints here.Boots.Anyone do boots? What do you think, m*llitary issue? Regular army, mid '90s.Brand new.Probably came from a surplus store.He's got a crew cut.He may be wearing m*llitary Clothing.Ethan said they wouldn't k*ll civilians.Civilians.Tomorrow's Veteran's Day.The Veteran's Day parade down Fifth Avenue.That's a two mile long target.The note we found from Ethan's backpack, That's the mechanized infantry battalion.And 31 could be 31st street, their muster point for the parade.Why that battalion? First of the 55th were deployed to the Gulf.These are Desert Storm veterans.Authorities are still seeking information on the whereabouts of suspected t*rrorists Ethan Edwards and Jorge Galvez.Police are investigating reports that Galvez was spotted in his native Baltimore.Other sources tell us authorities now believe the suspects may have fled the country.In other news We have a possible ID.East of Madison, south side of the street.Hey.Desert Storm, right? I can tell by your uniform.I was 171st Armor.You were with the 55th mechanized division.You got your ID? You know, they're checking IDs.You wanna smoke? You know, I quit seven years ago, but being back in the uniform really plays a trip on my head.You got a light? Police! Clear! Out of the way! Get those people back.Mark the perimeter.God's will.Let's hope so.
02x09 - ShandehQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:19The following story is fictional and does not depict any actual person or event.In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.What am I supposed to do with this? That's all I can spare right now.You want my kids living on Happy Meals? Sandi, I shouldn't even be here.Why are you being this way, Danny? You know where you wanna be.Sammy's raving about this smoked salmon he found in Nova Scotia.Lockport.Okay.You went there this morning.Mom, she has kids.They're not your kids.Kelly called.She needs to talk to you.Yeah, hi, honey.It's Daddy.Put Mommy on.It's Dad.You just got in? Yes.You know, the traffic.What's up? I won't be able to make it this afternoon.My sister's coming in for the day.Oh, no, that's not acceptable.You have to call them and tell them that we'll be there.We'll talk tonight.Don't start with me, Mom, okay? Mike's coming in from Binghamton.All the cousins can be together.What date is that? The fourth.I can't.It's the first day of Sukkoth.Sukkoth, the Festival of the Booths.And don't try to tell me that sounds any weirder than the Feast of the Transfiguration.Mom hasn't seen your kids since, what, just before Easter.I know.Maybe I'll just drive up one Sunday with Jordie and Sharon.Is everything okay with you and Danny? You keep asking that.Yes.The business just takes up a lot of his time.I have to run.Housekeeper leaves at 4:00, and I don't want the kids coming home to an empty house.Tell Mom I'll call her tonight.Kelly, we can still talk.Law & Order CI The lady who drove the kids home from school found her about 5:30.Where was Mr.Sussman? Oh, he got home from work at 6:15.We were already here.He looked pretty shook-up.We'll see.See the hand spread across her neck? It's almost a foot wide.And this bruise here.See? Knuckle marks.Smaller hand.Yeah.A second assailant.Came from that side.She didn't stand a chance.Oh, but she fought back.Her nails are torn.Threads from a gauze bandage? Now, that's antiseptic cream.One of them might have been wearing a bandage.She came over the top of the hood to get away from them.But why did she go back in the car? The way out.Instead of overwhelming her as soon as she got out of the car, they hesitated.They gave her an opening.And then when they regained control, they used excessive force to k*ll her.Amateurs.I thought that other detective I talked to, he was running things.Your borough president called the police commissioner.That's how the case came to us.Your family's prominent in the community.Well, my father was a very important man.He helped a lot of people.Children, come in the kitchen with Grandma.Yeah, go ahead.It's a terrible thing they had to find their mother that way.Sussman Kosher Foods.I see your trucks around all the time.Everything good between you and your employees? Yeah, we have no complaints.You and Mrs.Sussman? Anything we should know about? Everything was fine.The kids are doing well.We had our health.You have something in your eyes? No.Why? Blinking your eyes a lot, that usually means you have something in your eyes.Or that your stress level has gone up.It's called the blink rate.Well, of course, I'm under a lot of stress.Of course.Do you know where your wife was earlier this afternoon? Her sister Anna had come down from Albany for the day.Kelly was meeting her in the city.Would she have been wearing any jewelry? She always had her wedding ring and a necklace that I bought her for our 10th anniversary.It had three diamonds, for me and each of the kids.She always told me everything was fine.She was very private about her marriage.But something made you ask.Our mother had a stroke a few months ago.I was calling Kelly late at night with progress reports.A lot of times, Danny wasn't there.Where did she say he was? At some religious observance.You know, prayers.What religious observance takes place late at night outside the home? I wouldn't know.I'm not Jewish.- Oh, Kelly converted.- Yes.So her children could be raised in their father's faith.Kelly was familiar with the Jewish traditions? She had to be.The Sussmans are a very religious family.Could you write down the dates and the times that you called her at home? There are three daily prayers in the Jewish tradition and a man might leave the home to go pray with the minion, with nine other men.Sussman might have had a legitimate reason to be out.Except that the last prayer takes place in the early evening.Which Mrs.Sussman would have known, being familiar with the traditions.She was covering for her husband.Seems to be part of her M.O.She didn't let on that there were problems.She was better at it than he was.Two months ago, Tuesday night, 11:10 p.m., he made a withdrawal for a thousand bucks from an ATM on the 600 block of Cuthpert Boulevard.What's the date on that? There was a call to a business on Cuthpert.Here.Same day, from his cell phone, at 5:00 p.m.To Stan's Show Supplies.One block down from the ATM.Stan's Show Supplies Monday, June 24 Sussman, one of his checks bounced.We were holding his order until he came up with one grand cash.What was in his order? I don't remember.Show stuff.You mean, like in Stan's Show stuff? Maybe we should ask Stan.There is no Stan.There's Mr.Harland, and he's gonna be back here in an hour, and I gotta get these orders out.We'll write you a note, how you were helping with a m*rder investigation.Now, Sussman's in the food business.What does he need lighting equipment for? Sussman told me he did charity events.Rented to Firefly Enterprises for delivery on 10th Avenue in Manhattan.Spotlights, glitter ball, smoke machine.What's this abbreviation for? A bubble bath setup.It's a clear Lucite bathtub.Charity events.Charity must be the girl who takes the bubble baths.Hey, how long I gotta wait in the car? Huh? Don't we gotta do a thing tonight? Next time will be on the house, baby.It's gonna take at least an hour to get all the way up there.Since when did you grow a brain, huh? Come on.Pearl's Strip Club Monday, June 24 Sussman's got the lease till the end of the year.After that, it's available.Why'd he close up? I don't know.Business was good.Is there a problem with the lights? Fuse box blew three weeks ago.Just like that? Well, two days later I got a letter from Sussman's lawyer wanting to break the lease on account of the electrical problem.- Do you mind if we have a look? - No, go ahead.They poured acid behind the connector.That's blood.Well, he splashed acid on his arm.He would've had to reach in.He came over here to wash it off, and he used this to wipe his wound.Gauze fibers on Kelly Sussman.Yeah, from the bandages of the k*ller.He used this to cover his burn.m*rder*r, arsonist, jack of all trades.Yeah, master of none.The Arson Squad confirmed they found traces of acid.So this works for you? Sussman risking jail time for arson just to skip out on a lease? - Money's money.- Small money.And what's this guy doing running a strip joint? - You have to ask? - He wasn't running it alone.He filed a change of ownership two months ago.He used to have a partner.And she spells it with an "I." That's right.Sandi.Sandi Tortomassi.But I'm not a partner in the club anymore.I sold my share two months ago.Problems with your partners? No.Why would you think that? Well, we just heard that the place was packed every night.The only reason you would sell is if you had a beef with your partners.Not to mention there was an attempted arson there a few weeks ago.By the way, is that something burning? You're baking cookies.- Peanut butter.- For my kids.And for the record, I didn't have any beef with my partners.I wanted to pursue other interests.Like baking cookies? Your other partners, that's Daniel Sussman? - Yes.His company.- Firefly Enterprises.The same people who own this house.We happened to notice Firefly put up the money for this place.That was a loan, against the return on share of the club.A loan against your return? By the way, is there a Mr.Tortomassi? He's a drunk, passed out in a trailer park in Ohio.Ohio? Didn't Firefly buy a condo in Dayton? - That was for my mother.- Another loan.You are shouldering a lot of debt.My share of the club went to pay off the other loans.That was the arrangement when I cashed out.So, let's see, he put up the money What was your contribution again? I chose the decor, the ambience.I supervised the employees.Waitresses, bouncers.Strippers.And that's where you have a lot of experience, right? Oh, it's the outfit.Not exactly the standard issue Westchester soccer mom.You're very toned and flexible.Sussman catch your act at a strip club? Is that how you met? You know, if you're trying to humiliate me, I've heard it all before.I want you to leave now, before my kids get up from their nap.How did you find out where Sandi used to work? She never told strangers what she did for a living.Even strippers have to file W-2s.Your manager said you used to share a place with her.Yeah, before she got the house.She had some help with that, from this man, Daniel Sussman? Yeah, sure, Danny.He met Sandi here? Danny'd come in, throw around a lot of money.He really liked Sandi.He told her he wanted to give her the world.And she probably thought he could afford it.Sandi liked him because he was a gentleman.Bought her a house, set her up in a business.That was all his idea.Maybe her idea was to be the next Mrs.Sussman.Sandi respected his marriage.That's why she broke up with him.She didn't want him to put his family through a divorce on account of her.You keep putting your hand on your datebook.Hey! Hey, give me that.That's what people do when they're, you know, they're nervous.They touch things to boost their confidence, especially when they're trying to remember something."Respectful to his marriage." "She dumped him." It's crib notes.And Sandi called you to tell you what to say in case we dropped by.Let's try the truth.She wanted him to leave his wife.No.She broke up with him.After his wife found out what he was doing.- His wife knew? - She called our place.She thought I was the one having the affair with Danny.She called me all kinds of names, I don't even know.You remember any of them? There was one she kept repeating.Kurva, or something like that.I couldn't understand her half the time.She had this accent.Everybody in America knows Yiddish words.Why should Kelly be any different? Kurva? That's a prost*tute, isn't it? Where did Kelly learn a word like that? She was in the family for so long.Maybe she had occasion to hear it.The young woman who got the call said that Kelly had an accent.Kelly didn't have an accent, did she? Okay, I called her.You found out about the affair.I told Danny to stop, and he stopped.Did your daughter-in-law know? He told her.You made sure he did.She had a right to know.You don't start fresh by keeping secrets.Is that what they were doing? They were starting fresh? They have children, a home, people who know and respect them.This other thing meant nothing to Danny.It meant 350 grand for the house in Westchester, $200,000 for the strip club.Kelly knew nothing about that.How could she not? Hundreds of thousands of dollars disappearing from their account.Unless Unless Danny was taking it from the family business.My son lost his head.This really is a family business, isn't it? Relatives have invested their savings.Some of them even work here.If they ever found out what Danny did They wouldn't find out.The money was paid back.It's still a crime.And if Kelly knew what he'd done for this woman, she might not be so forgiving.One word from her, and your son would've gone to jail.No, no, no.Danny would never hurt Kelly.It's that woman.She had her claws into him.She called me here after I spoke to her friend, and she said nobody was going to come between her and Danny.She said that she had friends in that world.People who would hurt anyone who got in her way.Uh-huh.Okay.You want some of this? What are you doing? We gotta get lost for a while.How about Miami? Big party town, dance all night.We could rent a boat and cruise the cooze.Hey, we driving or Maybe if you tell me what you're looking for, I can save you the trouble.That really didn't work out for us.You should go next door with your kids.This warrant says I can stay and watch, - so that's what I'm gonna do.- Excuse me.We found this on the floor of her garage.Is this yours? Be careful.No.It's not mine.We found it in your garage.I don't know how it got in there.That's okay, we do.Sandi Tortomassi, you're under arrest for m*rder.I didn't do it.I didn't have any reason to do it.Getting rid of the wife gave you a clear sh*t at Danny.I don't wanna marry him.Didn't your mother ever tell you? "Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free?" "Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for" So you're saying that you can talk Danny into anything.Well, you saw the house he bought me.And the strip club.My idea.That's just money.Guys toss money at women every day.Well, even if I told you, you wouldn't believe me.Oh? Like what? Last April, his son's birthday party.His bar mitzvah.What, Danny invited you? I brought two girls from the club.Danny told his family we were with the trucker's union.Well, you really have this little guy under your thumb, don't you? I can see why.Must've been some workout you gave him in that big bedroom of yours.Sure.When the kids weren't around.And where'd you go when you had that place with your friend? You and Danny go to a hotel? Not so often, he'd get tired of it.Good.Then you shouldn't have a problem remembering the hotels and dates.I can't believe she did it.She knew no matter what would have happened I would never marry her, or someone like her.She knew that.So, we're looking for two men.Maybe former bouncers.If you can think of any names, it would help.I can't think of anybody.I can't think.I can't think! You proved that.Getting mixed up with some bottle blonde boom-boom girl.You don't have to tell me.I know that.I shamed my family.I don't know, what was I thinking? Well, it was worth it.Bet this girl gave you quite a ride.No wonder you were still making the drive up to Westchester every other morning.Did you go bareback or use a condom? Condom./ You buy them on the way up there or did you keep a box next to the bed? She had them.Really? That's funny.Because we searched her room.We didn't find anything.Bathroom either.No condom, no diaphragm, no pills.There goes that blink rate again.Do you remember the hotels you stayed in with Sandi before you bought her the house? We've got the itemized bills from your stays.One afternoon, you ordered two movies, rated PG.Room service, two hamburgers, two salads, two desserts, two massages and you used the gym.That's all in the space of four hours.When did you find the time for sex? Or was that between the hamburger and the massage? Another missed opportunity.One of many, right, Danny? Well, how did she wiggle out of it? Did she have cramps? She said the mood wasn't right? She was worried about her kids? She just wanted to cuddle? She really kept you going, didn't she? For two years, Danny.Two years, and not once.Right, Danny? Not a once.It was okay.I didn't mind, really.Oh, come on.What, are you made of marble? You were dying for it.And she kept upping the ante.A condo for Mom, a house for the kids, a strip club for her.A dead wife for you.No.- She talked you into it.- No.I would never hurt Kelly.I respected her.That's the truth.She did so much for me, so much to make a family.Okay, Danny, that's enough.It is now clear you consider him a suspect.He's invoking his right to silence.Him.Her.Him and her.Take your pick.It won't be either unless we find the men who did the actual k*lling.Well, I don't think that he has it in him.I mean, the girl played "keep away" for two years.Ordinary man would be frustrated, angry.He's not an ordinary man, he's a m*rder*r.He's a child.I'm with him.Four hours before Kelly was k*lled, there were two calls from Sussman's office to a no name prepaid cell phone.Can we trace that cell phone to an owner? No.But the number turned up in a h**ker's phone book when she was busted three months ago.Yolanda Starr Corbin.She's a Greenpoint regular.Greenpoint Long Island, New York Thursday, June 27 All God's children need loving.Which one of God's children gave you this number a couple of months ago? We'll just have to call it.Tell whoever answers you gave it to us.Please, don't do me like that.We already have an idea who he is.He's got a burn on his arm, right? It's Big Louis.That's what I know him by.He's armed and crazy.But you have his number.He made me take it.Said if I get in trouble, call him.Guess what? You're in trouble.Louis Bernoff.Priors for drug possession, lewdness.What's wrong with your arm? Car battery leaked.Do you know her? Nope.Him? Nope.How about her? Nope.You should.Those are your handprints around her neck.You k*lled her.We're gonna match your DNA to the rag you left at the strip club when you tried to burn it down.Big trouble for Big Louis.But you can help yourself by telling us which one of these two here hired you.I checked Big Louis backwards and forwards.The phone calls are still the only thing that connect him with Sussman and the girl.- Crystal meth.- No, thanks.It belongs to Big Louis' roommate, Nicky Ross.Big time tweaker according to the neighbors.The second k*ller.Oh, and the neighbor saw Big Louis lugging a large suitcase down the stairs two days ago.Maybe Nicky left the cap off the toothpaste.Large pepperoni.The night before Kelly Sussman was k*lled."Nashot Chayl"? "Nashot Chayl." Nashot, that's Hebrew.- Women, woman.- Figures you'd know that.But Chayl, I don't know.Valor.Nashot Chayl is women of valor.Three years of Hebrew school.Women of valor.Sounds like a self-help group for Jewish women.Nashot Chayl Center Brooklyn, New York Friday, June 28 Kelly came to us two months ago.She wanted a divorce.But she wanted to make sure she did everything right by our Jewish laws.She didn't want any problems getting custody of her kids.Why would there be problems? If she wanted custody, she'd have to convince the religious authorities that she'd continue raising the children in the Jewish faith.Don't family court judges decide custody? Well, judges who are elected by a community listen to their religious leaders.Wouldn't be smart of them to alienate voters.No, it wouldn't be smart.So we help to prepare a get, a Jewish divorce decree.Then she had to present it to her husband for him to sign.Sounds pretty straightforward.Except Kelly had to find two witnesses to go with her.People active in her synagogue.She couldn't find anyone.No one wanted to be her witness.Even her rabbi wouldn't help.The Sussman family They carry a lot of weight in the community.Danny Sussman didn't want a divorce.He wanted a reconciliation.But Kelly had no choice.If she didn't have a get, she'd risk losing her kids in a custody fight.When Kelly cancelled the mediation, did she reschedule? No.So the reconciliation was off? She told me she had a better way of getting what she wanted.Custody of her kids.I told her, no matter what, Danny'd make a problem.You know what, Danny's never been the problem.I mean, he doesn't have the clout or the backbone to bend the community to his will.But his mother does.She cleaned up his mess when he stole money, and now she's fighting to save his marriage.I can't find the invoice for the Gellis account.Do you have it? - Danny? - I can't help it, Mom.She destroyed Kelly.Now she's gonna destroy me.Stop it, stop it.I deserve it.I brought her into our life.- Don't talk like that.- I deserve what happens to me.You deserve what you let happen.We have friends, influence, respect.They don't respect me.They respect the name your father gave you.The name you gave your son.If you can't stand up for yourself, at least stand up for the name.I wish Dad was still here.It's better he's not.Kelly was working in one of the big hotels in New York City when she met Danny.She told me he was very sweet.A real gentleman.She didn't tell me he was a Jewish gentleman.And that bothered you? Well, I was wishing that Kelly would meet a nice Catholic boy.Just like I'm sure Mrs.Sussman wished her son had met a nice Jewish girl.Is that the impression that she gave you? Oh, she didn't warm up to Kelly till after the wedding.We never even got a hug from that woman.Your daughter was a devout Catholic? Well, she grew up in the church.She sang in the choir.She loved the Virgin Mary.Well, then, converting to Judaism must have been a big decision for her.Was that something that Danny pressured her to do? Not Danny.He just wanted to be with Kelly.They even talked about eloping.Mrs.Sussman.She made a big stink.And Kelly was stubborn.But then Kelly gave in.All of a sudden.Did she explain why? No.Two weeks later they were married.No, sir, I'm not sure what evidence they're developing.I know, but Yes, sir.The Brooklyn DA's moving on the girl.They're tangling with some community pressure over there.A community known as Ursula Sussman.You still haven't sold me on that yet.And what's all this? Thirteen-year-old checks from her account.Am I gonna kick myself for asking? This one's for $75,000 made out to cash.Just before her son's wedding Could've been for the dress, for the reception hall.The second check is the same amount.$75,000 to cash three months later, in April.And it's just a week after her Her grandson was born.I need to see my friend, Max.He's a rabbi.We need to get Danny and his mother in here.He knows we have this meeting? He's usually back from lunch by now.I'm sorry.There was a long line at the bodega.Did Detective Eames explain that we needed some things clarified? Yes.About my marriage.Yeah, right.You and your wife were trying to make a fresh start.Yes.We were trying.Your idea or hers? Well, both.We both wanted to go for counseling.Sussman pickles.I've always been a big fan.You made appointments at the Nashot Chayl Center? Yes.Kelly arranged it.The people there told us when she first contacted them, Kelly was dead set on a divorce.Oh, that's between a husband and a wife.These people shouldn't be blabbering about confidential information.Well, I guess it really doesn't matter now, does it? I guess not.You felt Well, you still feel guilty.I mean, you would have given her anything she wanted in the divorce.Even custody of the kids? She was a good mother and fighting over custody would have hurt them.What if Kelly went back to the Catholic church? Under Jewish law, the kids wouldn't have been considered Jewish anymore, would they? She wouldn't have done that.What, someone who'd been hurt? Who was angry, divorced, alone? Who knows what she'd do? Well, thank heaven there was someone in the family still thinking straight.Right, Mrs.Sussman? I mean, if it wasn't for you, Kelly might've run off with your grandchildren and turned them into who knows what.Kelly just needed some time to get over her anger.Well, she got over it, all right.Do you wanna know what she told them at the center? She told them that she had a way of getting what she wanted.Not from you, but from your mother.What do you suppose she meant by that? We don't know.We're not mind readers.Neither are we.But we're pretty good at connecting the dots.First dot, Big Louis Bernoff.You might know him as a m*rder suspect.But six years ago, he was also the owner of a van he bought used from his father, the mechanic.That sound familiar? Because your dad helped Louis' father immigrate from the Soviet Union, I mean, just like he helped hundreds of other refugees.You dad even gave him the contract to service your company's delivery vans.So, that means nothing.Your father helped hundreds of people, thousands.This is - It's just a - Just a Fluke? It could be a fluke if Sandi Tortomassi hired him to k*ll Kelly.But she didn't.Your wife wasn't a thr*at to her.Your wife was a thr*at to your mother.Oh, that's just ridiculous.Kelly had something on her.Something so shameful that Kelly thought your mother might give up her grandkids to keep it quiet.That's not true.I have nothing to be ashamed of.Second dot.Your pregnant Catholic fiancee.Three words that made your mother very unhappy.That's okay.Kelly's mother wasn't too thrilled about it either.Especially when she converted out of the blue.Or should I say out of the green? That summer after you were married, Kelly bought her mother a house for a $150,000? Yes, that was a settlement that she'd gotten for an old car accident.Third dot.Two $75,000 checks drawn from your mother's account 13 years ago.Kelly bought the house with those checks.The first one is dated one week before Kelly converted.The second one is dated two days after your son's Bris, after his circumcision that welcomed him into the faith.If anyone found out, all the good will, all the influence your father garnered from his good work and his religious devotion would have disappeared like smoke in the wind.Your family name would have been disgraced, and the family business.Kelly was gonna tell everyone.Unless your mother let her have custody of your kids.Mom, tell me you She did.She hired Big Louis to k*ll your wife and plant her necklace in your girlfriend's garage.I'll bet that your mother doesn't think that she even did anything wrong.I'll bet that she thinks that she was just cleaning up another one of your messes.Aren't you gonna get angry at her? She k*lled your wife! Come on, Danny.When are you gonna grow up? When are you gonna take your balls back from her? How could you, Mom? How in the hell could you? If you'd only listened.I told you she was no good for you.So I did what I had to do.For the family.Always for the family.What family? You k*lled the family! You're under arrest, Mrs.Sussman, for m*rder.Please turn around.Danny, do something.Danny, do something! She broke the laws of her faith, so what does she do about it? You commit one sin, the next ones come a little easier.
02x10 - Con-TextQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:20In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.Jimmy, the flowers were a bad idea.I shouldn't even be here.Don't be like that.There he is.Ten hours on a bus from Montreal, my roids are screaming blue m*rder.Well, welcome home, Mickey.We need to talk.Where's your car? In the lot, down by 9th.Look, you're gonna have to take a cab.Roseanne, I'm sorry.What about the USB account? Empty.They're all, except Trust House and Citibank.Those I managed to close before he got to them.I put the money in a safety deposit box.Son of a bitch! And Dougie did all this by himself? Just don't hurt him.Mickey, I didn't know it was yours.Who did you think it belonged to, you worthless twit, Santa Claus? You don't understand.This is the most important thing in my life.That money is my life! And I want it back, every penny, or I swear to God, I'll take it out of your hide.Mmm? You've worked too hard for this.Maybe I should just give it back.Baby, you're slipping.Let me call them.Look, Doug, we need their help.Doug's apartment is empty.Nobody's seen him since yesterday.His mother'll know where he is.He called her.I promised her he wouldn't get hurt.Seabreeze Motel in Montauk, Room 114.Excuse me.You're excused.Stand up, you son of a bitch! Law & Order CI The old man, Mickey Connelly, owns this place.His son Jimmy used it as an office when he was out of the country.The old man was ducking a RICO indictment for bookmaking on the internet.Yeah, well, his legal troubles are over now.Got a m*rder here, su1c1de there.He ate the g*n.Cleaning service found them this morning.Time of death sometime last night.- Thanks.- All right.Can I get a pair of tweezers, please? This must be some of that father-son bonding I've heard so much about.These cuts were made before he d*ed, but for some reason they were untreated.I'll be over here while you do that.It's frosted glass.He has abrasions delicately around the sides of his mouth.Well, he was gagged.Explains why he didn't answer his phone.He's got voicemail.The lab can retrieve the messages.Mickey's passport.Irish customs entry stamp dated November last year.Exit stamp dated two weeks ago.Having fun? I'm listening.He left Ireland two weeks ago.Canadian customs stamp, also from two weeks ago.No US stamp.Make a note to the ME to check for ocular fluids.His eyes are dry and irritated.The mucus is thick.Could be from sleep deprivation.And he's dehydrated.His cuticles have shrunk.Maybe Junior kept him on ice before k*lling him.Except that Junior shows the same signs.Mickey had to have a damn good reason to come back and risk getting pinched on a fugitive warrant.How's two million bucks? That's what the DA's always figured he had stashed away somewhere.Works for me.The old man found out the kid was skimming from him, they got their Irish up.I don't think that they got anything up.The ME found elevated levels of sodium, urea, nitrogen in the eye mucus, kidney and liver enzymes outside the normal range.Stomach and the bowels empty.Now, the Connellys, they were starved, sleep deprived, dehydrated.They sound like POWs.The ME also found minute traces of duct tape around the ankles and wrists of both men.The tech's got the code for Mickey's voicemail.His son's birth date.It's Roseanne again, calling for Jimmy.It's been a week.I need to hear from you.Just call me.Roseanne would be Jimmy's wife.Last Wednesday.It's a week since she's heard from him.You think she would've filed a missing persons report.HOME OF JIMMY AND ROSEANNE CONNELLY HOBOKEN, NEW JERSEY THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 7 I thought he was away on business.I didn't even know he was with his father.You've been camping out in here? Andy fell asleep watching a video.I didn't wanna move him.I noticed that your bedrooms, they face the street.Is it safer back here? You're terrified.Anybody that has the front to k*ll Mickey Connelly and his son might just come after you, too.You knew Jimmy was in trouble.Maybe you had something to do with it? He called Thursday.He tried to pretend everything was okay, but I knew better.Where was he? He was with Mickey.He said he'd be home soon.There was some problem, some money was missing.He called you just to check in? No, he wanted Andy's Social Security number.He didn't say why.Your son have a back account? They opened an account for the kid when he was born.Last month Jimmy got a safe deposit box under the account.The bank says he emptied the box two days ago.Two days ago he was dead.So who emptied the box? We're checking the bank security tapes.That's him.We know this guy? These are the left ears of both men.Same shape.Similar lobes.Ear structure patterns run in families.Especially siblings.Want some? He'll meet you tomorrow when they break for lunch.Doug, it's almost over now.No one can ever tell you what to do again.His name is Douglas Morgan.He's Mickey's son by his second ex-wife.Jimmy's half-brother.How come we never heard of him? Well, there's no record he's ever been involved in his father's business.Just a couple of misdemeanor forgeries.- He's been a pipsqueak up until now.- You like this guy.Well, a nobody who scammed the scam artist? I'd buy him a drink.First, you have to find him.He moved out of his last known three years ago.No job since last winter.Credit report says he got five credit cards in the last four months.They never learn.If you don't want to be found, pay cash.SEABREEZE MOTEL MONTAUK, NEW YORK MONDAY, NOVEMBER 11 Mr.Morgan, he checked out last Monday.- He was here for a couple of weeks.- By himself? He had visitors.- No, I didn't notice those two.- Who did you notice? Well, this one young man with blond hair, goatee.He spent a lot of time parked out here in a chair, reading.Well, you'd think he'd be warmer inside.I figured Mr.Morgan had company and this fellow was giving him his privacy.Well, that's one way to look at it.This room is very clean.There's no marks.No fingerprints.Same story here.We keep things tidy.Anybody stay here since Mr.Morgan left? Nah.We don't get a lot of traffic out here after Labor Day.When did they replace the shower door? We didn't.There's lime encrustation and soap residue on this door.And there's none on this one and the caulking is still soft.This shower door was broken, and they replaced it.The frosted glass in Jimmy's arm.They were here.They were kept here for two weeks.Two men in a tub.Last year, when Mickey went on the lam, a dozen bank accounts were opened using Doug Morgan's Social Security number.Within two months, there was nearly two million dollars in those accounts.Mickey hid the money under Doug's name without telling Doug, figuring no one would look there.Somehow Dougie found out.Starting four months ago, he emptied all but two of the accounts.Those two accounts were closed the same day Jimmy opened the safe deposit box.We think that Jimmy got wind of what was going on and got the money out before Doug did.And put it in the safe deposit box.So Dougie tortured his father and his brother just to squeeze the last dollar out of them? Well, the last two hundred thousand dollars.What the hell is wrong with this kid? Didn't daddy spend enough time playing catch with him? Or he got too much attention from his mother.His last parole report says he was living with her as of three years ago.How sweet.HOME OF VERA MORGAN QUEENS, NEW YORK TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 12 Dougie thought he had a God-given right to freeload off his mother.Uh-uh.Don't walk there.You're gonna make dirt on my carpet here./ Yeah.Put these on.I got them at the hospital.Put them over your feet.There's only three of them.Well, someone could sit on a chair.This is a one bedroom, right? Mmm-hmm.Where did Doug sleep? Where do you think? On the couch.I used to have a bigger place, but after I got out of the hospital cleaning a big place didn't appeal to me.What about his father, Mickey? You been in touch with him? What do I want with that louse? A louse who knows his way to your heart.Thank you.That's $73.It's a bit expensive.I mean, unless it's Canadian dollars.Did Mickey drop it off? I wouldn't set foot in the same room with that man, unless it was to go to his wake.Just your luck.He was found dead four days ago.Oh Dear Mary.Oh.What about his boy, Jimmy? Why, you like Jimmy? He was decent enough.Hadn't been for Jimmy, Dougie wouldn't have even known he had a father.Jimmy brought this to you? Came over looking for Doug? And you knew where he was, because Doug keeps in touch with his mother.Yeah.He told me if Jimmy comes asking for him, to say where he is.And when Jimmy left here, you called Doug and told him that Jimmy was on the way? Dougie wouldn't hurt Jimmy.He loved him! We still need to find him.Mickey left a lot of money behind.Really? You mean, like clean money that could go to Dougie? If we can find him.I don't have his address.It's in Brooklyn.It's a sublet.He said over on Ovington.- A nice, bright place.- You been? He sent the picture.- No return address.- Bird seed.We just ask the neighborhood bird seed store.Look, through the window, across the street, on the roof.A pigeon coop.You've come a long way, Doug.No more self-doubt, no more negativity.Thank you, sir.This isn't just a gift to the program, Doug, this is a gift to yourself.I'm proud of you.I'm sure Lena is, too.You go home.I'll catch up later.There, second floor.It's the same color curtains.All these show is a man resembling my client entering and leaving a room.What he did in there is anyone's guess.We guess he stole the contents of his brother's safe deposit box.Right, Doug? My guess, you got nothing and we're not adding to it.I think your client has something to say.Am I right? You have something to tell us? You think I'm responsible for what happened to my father and Jimmy.- Well, are you? - Now, wait a minute.No, wait.You gotta say it out loud, so we all understand.Don't say a word.When you see things clearly, you make them happen.I did what I had to do.I k*lled them.Okay, he did that against the advice of his counsel.I need to speak to him in a room, right now.Well, that was smooth.You better get Carver down here.Do you have the letter that he sent his mother? This spontaneous statement might not take the place of a confession, but I can't see how his lawyer can step away from it.He's using an interesting vocabulary.Is this something I should be concerned with? Here's another one."Without your encouragement, "I'd still be someone without a future, sleeping on his mother's couch." He thanks her for kicking him out.This about Doug Morgan? It's the letter that he wrote his mother.The first part, he apologizes for the hurt that he caused her.Second part, he thanks her for everything that she's done for him.Last part, he lays out his plan for his future."I now understand I need to develop a new strategy for my life, "a new program for the software of my conceptions." - It's gobbledygook.- It's high-level gobbledygook.This is from a guy who didn't even finish the tenth grade.These are not his ideas.You saw the way he glanced up every time before he spoke? Manson's women did the same thing during their m*rder trials.He's visualizing.Visualizing what? No, not what.Who.What's he looking at? He's looking for support, for direction.He's looking for her.No, no, no.I don't know these people.Mr.Morgan, if someone influenced you, it would mitigate your responsibility.I am responsible.Nobody told me what to do.You did it to transform yourself? That's what it says in the letter to your mother.Your "Negative self programming" was leading you to "a counter-effective life strategy." Yes.You wanted to transform your context.Yes.That's what I did.What's a "context", Doug? You know, Doug, it's in your letter.You don't, you don't know what it means? It's hard to say.Because someone told you to write it? This girl? Is that who you picture when you look up? No.I am the author of my life and I make the choices.And I choose, I don't wanna talk to you anymore.I took another look at Doug's credit cards.Every couple of weeks, there's a four to five hundred dollar charge to one of two out-of-state companies.It'll take a few days to chase them down.Every couple of weeks.All right, try a keyword search.Use "Context transformation." Nearly a thousand results.Now refine it.Add "Tuition".Maybe "Four hundred bucks," the going rate for self-improvement.Here we go."Optimize your psychic drive."Learn the principles of context transformation."Tuition for the two day seminar is $450."GraceNote Powerful Living." What else is on their website? Testimonials, seminar photos.Who do we have here? At the head of the class.The teacher's pet.Bet she took her lessons to heart."Introductory seminars every weeknight." Want to go for a little psychic drive? GRACENOTE SEMINAR, REGENCY HOTEL WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13 I, you know, I don't see her.- Give her a little time, honey.- It's going to start.We're supposed to wait for the person who told us about GraceNote.Just register and go in.I'm sure she'll show up.Well, I would, except Mr.Skeptic here We only knew what she told us, we don't even know her name.Maybe you know her.She said her picture was on your webpage.Could you look it up on your laptop? Hey.Nice to see you.That's her.There, in the front.I don't know her.Well, maybe someone in charge does.What about him? Bye, see you then.That's Randall Fuller.He founded GraceNote.Well, even better.Mr.Fuller, we were invited here by someone who works for you.We don't know that, honey.Well You can see she's helping with the seminar, right there.Anyway, nobody seems to know her Nobody seems to know her You made us, didn't you? - What gave us away? - Her sensible shoes.And her sleeve.It's shiny from rubbing against your holster.Oh, and your belt is scratched where you clip your badge.He's good./ Yeah, well, reading people is part of what I do.And to answer your question, Detectives, she's probably a student volunteer.Since everyone who attends our seminars signs a photo release, we'd have no way of identifying her.What about Doug Morgan? He attended your seminars.Thousands of people have.And right now, some of those people are in there waiting for me.You're welcome to join us.Peggy'll give you some forms to fill out.Four hours without a bathroom break.I thought I was gonna pop a valve.Four hours of constant promises of a better life or a more confident self.It was a sales pitch for their weekend seminar, which is a warm-up for their insight series, the mentors program, the destiny workshops.You could spend thirty grand on the whole nine yards.- Is it a cult, mind control? - No./ Yes.How reassuring.They use the same psychological coercion as cults.So did the guy who sold me my car.No one forced those people to stay last night, - they were enjoying themselves.- They stayed because of peer-group pressure, manufactured peer group.They pay to sit in a room for hours on end.They submit to group hypnosis, deep breathing, guided imagery That's a relaxation technique.Those people did not look like zombies when they came out.No, they were euphoric.They got a sh*t of optimism.It's very powerful.They can't wait to repeat the experience.So they sign up for another seminar.If it helps them, what's the harm? Is it possible it had a more profound effect on Doug Morgan? What, someone susceptible, unhappy, with no clear sense of himself? Look, strip down all the double-talk, what is it that Randall Fuller really said to those people? Everything that you've done is wrong.Everything you are is false.But it's not your fault, you were programmed that way.Leave it to GraceNote to give you back your life.It's very seductive.And they just happened to pick Doug to work their magic on? Every participant signs a release form.The small print gives them the right to run a credit check.They found the bank accounts under his name.They knew before he did how much money he was worth.- And they played him.- He can't be the first one.Check with consumer affairs.If we can establish a criminal pattern, we can bring GraceNote to a crashing halt.DENTAL OFFICE OF DR.PHILIP OLIVER FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 15 We went to one of their weekend seminars.I used to feel so isolated, but after that weekend, I never felt so So alive? And the two of you signed up for more classes.No.Just me.I had seminars every night, every other weekend.There were cruises.What kept you going back? Being in that room, being told that my life had limitless possibilities.I needed to keep hearing it.Tell me how they got your money.I was encouraged to make large gifts.Encouraged you, specifically, who encouraged you? Well, at first, the higher-ups in the organization.And eventually, they brought in Randall Fuller.- He was the closer.- Yeah, and he was very good at it.By that point I wasn't thinking very clearly.Why did you drop your complaint? Was there a woman involved? Yes.I thought she was another student like me.I see now I was being handled.Yes.That's her.That's her.Lena Caruso.He needs to see you.I know.I'm meeting him tomorrow.He's going out of town for the day.It has to be tonight.He's sorry.That isn't a problem, is it? A maid found her in a bathtub in a motel room in Long Island City.She'd opened her veins.Yeah, I have hesitation cuts on this one.Yeah.Same here.She probably did it to herself.Lips are cracked, gums are drawn back.Cuticles are cracked pre-mortem.Dehydration, starvation.The GraceNote su1c1de diet.Her family in Cleveland got a letter from her three years ago.Same format as Doug's.I'm sorry, I'm grateful, I'm moving on.That's the last they heard from her.- And the Connelly's money? - Gone.- Into GraceNote's coffers.- That hasn't been proven yet.That's who she worked for.That's why she's dead.Even your dentist thought she was just a student at GraceNote.He also said that Fuller's the one who closed the deals.Look, Doug Morgan, he loved his brother, he feared his father.Fuller's the only one that could've convinced him to k*ll both of them.You believe it.I'm happy to prosecute it.Just get Doug Morgan to confirm it.Four hundred, five hundred, twelve hundred.It goes on and on, Doug.All the money you paid to GraceNote.I took their classes because I wanted to.They helped me a lot.Well, tell us what you learned, Doug.Well, I learned tha I wasn't living a real life.I was making decisions because of things that happened to me in my past.Right, you started questioning everything you did.Am I really making a free choice or am I being controlled by the bad programming in What is it GraceNote calls it, my psychic drive? Yes, because you can't trust the past.There's what happened, and what you tell yourself happened.It was holding me back.- Holding you back from what? - From From being extraordinary.It's hard to explain if you haven't been through GraceNote.Yes.They don't get it.It was worth a lot to you, and you showed your appreciation with gifts.The money that you took from your father, it wasn't for you, you gave it to GraceNote.As a gift.Did Mr.Fuller know where the money came from? I told him my family gave it to me.Doug, you remember the girl from the bank? Her name was Lena.You met her at GraceNote, right? She was taking classes with me.She helped you decide to make those gifts to Randall Fuller.We talked about it, but I decided.Randall Fuller used Lena to convince you to give that money to GraceNote.He manipulated you into k*lling your father and brother.No, no, Lena is in love with me.She decided to be with me.She made that decision.Fuller makes the decisions.That's not true.Doug, listen to me.Lena is dead.She committed su1c1de last weekend.You see how her lips are chapped? The cracked cuticles on her fingers? Those are the same things we found on your dad and your brother.Lena was denied sleep, food, water.- Doug, he broke her.- It's not true.He drove her to su1c1de.It's bad programming.It's just a story from your past.- Doug, it's what happened.- No! You It's how you see it.It's the story you tell.It's how you see it.It's not the way it is.You can't differentiate one thing from another, you I know how it is.I get it.You don't.You're not clear.I'm getting a sense my client might be amending his plea.Not guilty by reason of mental disease? I don't know about an insanity defense, but his credibility as a witness against Fuller is doubtful.Assuming he'd even testify against Fuller.Must be frustrating, a mind even you can't unlock.Well, let's get someone who can.The person who locked it in the first place.GRACENOTE SEMINAR, GRAND HEIGHTS HOTEL BROOKLYN, NEW YORK MONDAY, NOVEMBER 18 your life, your day.Thank you.- Mr.Fuller - I have a car waiting.We'll take you wherever you like.We asked you if you knew a man named Doug Morgan.He attended your seminars, but you didn't remember him.Right, I was in a hurry.You mean, you remember him now? Oh, yes, of course.He made a large donation to GraceNote.He told us a little over two million dollars.Yeah, somewhere in that neighborhood.Why, is there a problem? Yes, see, Doug Morgan stole that money from his father's bookmaking operation.I had no idea.The girl we asked about, that student volunteer, Lena Caruso, she helped him."Helped," that's a bit of an understatement.She manipulated him.I'm really sorry to hear it.You don't know how sorry.Because the money is proceeds from an illegal enterprise./ The bookmaking.The DA is moving to seize it under the RICO act.We're here to serve you with the papers.This money was a gift.You can ask Mr.Morgan.Well, between us, Mr.Morgan isn't making a lot of sense right now.I'm sure your lawyer can work out a repayment schedule with the DA.But this money has been committed.Look, we're innocent victims here.You know what, to tell you the truth, I don't care if you keep the money or not.Right now, we have a problem with Mr.Morgan.He confessed to the k*lling.He confessed to stealing the money.But right now, his present mental state, I don't think his confession's gonna hold up.Mr.Morgan was pretty unstable to start with.Well, I mean, if you just have a look at him for yourself, maybe you'll be able to straighten him out for us.And if I straighten him out? I'm sure the DA wouldn't have a problem with taking a look at your money problem.You can't promise that! I don't want him skipping out on an insanity plea.I'll fix it with the DA.Just think about it.The DA said that if you help them with Morgan, they won't push for restitution.What if we just gave them the money outright? They'll still insist on an audit.If I'm unsuccessful, if Morgan ends up more unstable than before, do I still get to keep the money? According to the DA, all you have to do is try.Mr.Fuller.Hello, Doug.Why don't you sit here.You've been going through a challenging time, Doug.I'd like to assist you.Mr.Cooper, you've explained to your client that we're prepared to accept his claim of sole responsibility for the two murders? Yes, Mr.Carver, I did.Before we proceed, we need precise details of how you committed the crimes.Do you understand? Go ahead.Well, I took my father's money and he found out.Hold on.We said precise details.The money, how did you find out about it? What's the hidden context, Doug? I'm not a competent person.I can't handle money.I was getting my finances in order.I sent away for my credit report.The bank accounts were listed on the report.Weren't you afraid your father'd come after you? I'm still a child, I let fear control me.Yes, that's the context.I wanted to use the money for a good purpose.Something that I'm passionate about.I wasn't afraid.So, when your father came after you I took his g*n, I made Jimmy tie up Dad and I tied up Jimmy.And then you kept them in that motel room for twelve days? Just you, alone, and those two guys? I know this one.I'm not strong.I'm not powerful.No one listens to me.Yes, just me alone.I made them give up the rest of the money.I drove them to Dad's office.And that's when you overcame your biggest fear.You changed your way of being.Yes.You k*lled your dad and transformed your life.Yes, I did.And you k*lled your brother for the same reason.Yes.The brother who loved you, who watched out for you.It wasn't real love.The context wasn't authentic.He watched out for me out of guilt.It's old stuff.It's in the past.You k*lled your dad and you let it go.Yes.Well, so then you became everything that GraceNote promised you.I mean, like it says right here in the brochure.Look, you became the creator of your own destiny.That's right.That's right.Wow, look at you, you're a success story.Doug's a success story.Well, Detective Well, look at him.He's the master of his own fate.Put the past in the past.He transformed his way of life.He created his own destiny.I think he hit the GraceNote trifecta.Yes, Mr.Fuller? In a manner of speaking, sure.So, aren't you gonna use him as a shining example of what can be accomplished with GraceNote's help? I don't know about that.But don't you want your students to follow his example? I would hope they would find another path.Oh? What do you mean? You mean m*rder is not the right path? I would have to say no, Detective.So, he failed.Wasn't k*lling his father a way to free him from the past? Of course not.Do you hear that, Doug? You failed the course.You're the same scared loser you were, when you joined GraceNote.You You told me if I k*lled him, if I k*lled him, I'd make the break.That's not true, Doug.That's a myth you constructed.You told me! You I did everything you told me, Mr.Fuller.Everything? / To get the money, all the money, and to k*ll them.He said it would be the last step to power, to excellence.- That's what you said.- That was a lie, Doug.That was a big lie.And that's why you k*lled Lena.Did you? Did you do it? Of course not.She slashed her wrists, she committed su1c1de.How do you know that, Mr.Fuller? Well, I can't say exactly.She knew someone at GraceNote.They must've told me there.The only people we informed of her death were her parents, but they weren't told how she d*ed.Randall Fuller, you are under arrest for m*rder.What did you do to my life? It wasn't much of a life to begin with.And I'm not sure the rest of yours will be something to write home about.At least Doug learned one of GraceNote's lessons.Taking responsibility for his actions.Something even Randall Fuller couldn't do.Well, he'll have plenty of opportunity to learn where he's going.
02x11 - BaggageQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:20The following story is fictional and does not depict any actual person or event.In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.- I checked her out for you.- Dad! Haven't you ever heard of knocking? I'm sorry.I took your car around the block a few times.It's fine.It wasn't fine yesterday.It stalled out on me four times on the way home.Anyway, I've got to get ready for work.Sure.Sure, yeah.I'm sorry I snapped at you, Dad.That's okay.But like I said, your car's running good.I'd give you mine, but Phil and I are talking about driving down to Dyker Beach, gettin' in 18 holes before Oh, it rang before when you were getting ready.You should give her our car.Maybe Phil can take Tommy's.What is it, sweetheart? I'm gonna be late for work.Oh, hey, you're running late? I am so sorry, Keith.I just meant you're in a hurry.I had car trouble on the way in.Oh.I'm just gonna put my things in my locker.Okay.Aren't you gonna get that? Hello? What the hell are you doing here? You're not on break! Get back to work, or so help me God, I will have you fired! No, oh, no.God, not again! Come on.Come on.Come on.Please.Come on.Come on.I saw it on the way in.We're gonna need a tow.Something's leaking.Give me a crowbar.Forget the tow.We need the cops.Law & Order CI We left everything as is as soon we heard you were coming.So how come they yanked you in on this? The victim had a harassment complaint out on her ex-boyfriend.He's a cop.I sure hope a cop didn't do this.Well, her feet are torn.She might've been dragged.Got bruises on her torso.Her nose and jaw are broken.Clumps of hair have been torn out.There are skull fractures front and back.The k*ller didn't pose the body.He just b*at the crap out of her and dumped her in here.He punished her.We got tread marks here and in front of the car.We couldn't get a clear print.The ground's too hard.There's condensation on the window everywhere but here.There was a note? We got her purse, too."Will be back." She had car trouble.So the k*ller pulled up here to help her.She left a note, and they drove away.And he k*lled her.Then he came back.He transferred the body into the trunk.Trusted the wrong Samaritan.Pepper spray.Jenny Sullivan was not a trusting person.She knew this guy.Are the keys in there? Anyone try this? No.She said it kept stalling out.I drove it around the neighborhood for at least 15 minutes.It seemed fine.Who could know that some animal would find her? Jenny had a boyfriend, an ex-boyfriend named Frank Hoyt.Oh, you don't think he had anything to do with We love Frank.Mr.Sullivan, you don't agree.You didn't love Frank? I had some problems with him.Same problems Jenny had? She had a good job at the airlines.Got a big promotion of supervisor.Had to fight to get it, too.And that's when he started bugging her to quit.She filed a complaint against him.What was that about? Well, they had lunch a few weeks after they broke up.He wanted to give it another try.They had an argument, that's all.He was still harassing her.He kept calling her.Just yesterday morning, he got her all upset.She never said it was Frank! Mr.Sullivan, do you blame yourself? I was all worried about my golf game.I should've given her my car.EMPLOYEE LOCKER ROOM TRANS UNION AIR THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15 I've never seen him around here.She talk about him? Yeah.She said he was still in touch with her, which she wasn't too happy about.This is her locker right here.It's a long stretch of road between your parking lot and the expressway.You hear of any incidents, Mr.Ramsey, people being followed? No.The crew use these on the job? No.She put this up? I guess so.There's a new coat of paint on the door.Maintenance crews come through once in a blue moon.Well, they didn't repaint these.Excuse me.- Desmond.- Thank you.Mr McCarthy.You worked with Jenny Sullivan? Yeah, she was one of my supervisors.Her and Keith here.Bad stuff what happened to her.Desmond, you said she got a call yesterday morning, right? Yeah, on her cell phone.You said it freaked her out.She pretty near took our heads off.What was the call? She say anything? No.I thought it was a hang-up.She just flipped.The phone call at work came in at around 9:00.Hoyt was in a departmental meeting, so the call wasn't his.His car was clean.The guy just didn't do it.I'll feel better when we find who did.I just talked to the garage.They can't find anything wrong with her car.So she imagined her car problems? Maybe she imagined being harassed.She didn't imagine the phone calls.Her father said that he tested the car.He drove it around the block a few times.Yeah, it's Goren.Can I have Mike down in the garage? FORENSIC GARAGE FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 16 We drained the gas t*nk.That's when we heard it rattling around in there.A ping-pong ball? When you drive over long distances, like the airport road or an expressway, it gets sucked down to the gas line intake, plugs it up, the car stalls.When you stop, it floats back up to the surface.Car starts up again.But if you just drive it around the block Because of the stop and go, the ball never gets sucked down.Car never stalls out.Ralph, that was Jenny's work.They have some forms we have to fill out.What are you doing, sweetheart? I was just looking at her room.Oh, sweetie.I got things to do, okay? I'm sorry.So this went into her t*nk Wednesday when her car started stalling out.But she was k*lled Thursday night.There was a weather pattern Wednesday.The afternoon flights were canceled.She went home early.Her car was probably sabotaged in the employee parking lot.The k*ller couldn't make his move until the next day.So potentially a co-worker.Her father said she had to fight for her promotion.If there was a fight, there was a loser.BAGGAGE WAREHOUSE TRANS UNION AIR TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 20 Personnel told us you had seniority in baggage, but she had more years in the company.She made a stink, she got the job.Your job.It wasn't my job.There was a salary bump with that promotion./ Would've been.Oh, man, instead you got stuck in this little hellhole.I don't mind.I like the guys.Loyalty counts for something.Can I bum a smoke from you? I mean, you can smoke in here, right? So what do you supervise here, Mr.Tate, lost luggage? No, no, don't sweat it.You were just biding your time."Indecent Exposure Gentlemen's Club." - We passed that on the way here.- I didn't notice.You guys hang out there? Yeah, sometimes.Jenny must've felt right at home at a titty bar.Oh, right.That's the point.She wouldn't.Right, Walter? You know what? We're gonna let you get back to work.And thank you for your help.I almost forgot.I once busted a stripper.Her specialty was this thing with a glow stick.They do that there? Yeah, they do that.I can't believe you touched that thing.Ms.Sullivan did make a sexual harassment complaint but not against Walter Tate.The person involved got a warning.Can we see the complaint? It's against our policy.Well, what did this person do to Ms.Sullivan? I can't get into that, but the general sense was that Ms.Sullivan was overly sensitive.Let me guess.It had to do with her locker.Somebody wrote graffiti on it, and that's why it was repainted.Someone slipped something through her vent, and that's why she blocked them.We're betting a thousand anyway.You might as well let us see it.You understand I'm bending our rules.I think your rules are used to it.Playboy pinups in the break room, dirty cartoons That's from our inspection of the workplace.Her complaint wasn't about that.Well, I guess she wasn't all that overly sensitive.The complaint was against Desmond McCarthy.The big guy in the locker room.Yeah, he exposed himself to her.He put the glow stick on her car seat.He poured urine through the vents of her locker.Jenny catalogued everything he did.Every obscene gesture, every piece of graffiti, dates, times, witnesses.Did she have notes or a journal? He told us she had a spiral notebook with her.Oh, I didn't ever saw anything like that.She ever say anything to you about her problems at work? We talked about other things.Who makes the bed? Jenny does.She likes things neat.Eames.So this is where she hid the notebook.What's going on? We've been talking about how good Jenny was doing at her job.You must be proud of her.Sure.I was proud.My dad's a retired cop.When I've got a beef at work, I go to him.Is that what Jenny did? She came to you with her problems? Yeah, sure.Everybody has a bad day one time or another.You can't let it get to you.That's what you taught Jenny? Don't show weakness? Be strong? When she told you some guy at work was ragging her, you told her to just tough it out.The guy was just a jerk.Did you know she filed a complaint against him with the company? You're not surprised.You know what's on the complaint.You read her notebook.- No.- Yes, you did.And now you're taking it on yourself because you're thinking maybe you should've listened more carefully to what Jenny said.And that's why you're not telling anyone about it.I didn't know.She tried to tell me.I'm sorry.I'm sorry."While in the break room, McCarthy started telling me "about a video about women who used sex toys."When I told him to stop, he exposed his genitals to me."I left the room."August 12, 5:10 p.m."While on my way to the locker room, "Jack Martinez stopped me to discuss a work order."Later, when I approached my locker, I saw McCarthy leaving."When I opened my locker, I found everything soaked in urine." What a living hell.The airline just gave this bozo a slap on the wrist.That sends a message.Well, no wonder McCarthy's buddies got in on the act.Here."Walter Tate, McCarthy and Martinez engaged in "a lively discussion of their r*pe fantasies." Martinez is the guy who distracted her.While McCarthy messed with her locker.And here.On her way to the parking lot, Tate and Bill Stuart told her what they saw at the strip club.When she got to her car, the glow stick was on the seat.These guys conspired to harass her.Maybe not just to harass her.You see what she wrote here? It's a week before she d*ed.The address on Fordham Place.It's the State Human Rights division.She was filing a complaint with the State.She was going for the jugular.And they went for hers.Who told you this? Guy who works the desk at human resources.I give him a ride sometimes.- This is crap.- What did he say exactly? They found the complaint she made on bright boy here.I'm not taking the fall for this.Just relax, would you? You relax, Martinez! No, you know what? Don't relax.'Cause if they try to hang this m*rder on me, I'm not the only one going down.What motive? You just said the Human Rights division never heard from her.She hadn't made up her mind yet.She was scared.She'd been b*rned before.But if these guys got wind she was even thinking of going to the State Appalling as their behavior is, it doesn't predispose them to m*rder.They threatened her with r*pe.They f*ndled her./ Yes, they did.But there is not a single case on the books proving a causal relationship between sexual harassment and m*rder.Not a single case until now.Not with this evidence.These men may have been pigs, but that doesn't make them K*llers.I'm sorry.Her notebook mentions her confiding in the other supervisor, Keith Ramsey.It's interesting.He never said anything to us.Sure.I knew what was going on.It was hard to miss.And she told you about it? We talked about it.She wrote it in her notebook.She kept a very detailed chronicle.Yeah, well, then you know I wasn't involved.Right, we got that.What we don't get is why you didn't tell us.Because it didn't have anything to do with her death.You know, I told corporate what was going on.It was up to them to come down on those guys.Why didn't you? You're their supervisor.Are you afraid of them? I can take care of myself.But you didn't take care of Jenny.She wrote in her notebook you're the only guy she trusted.Or maybe you enjoyed seeing her get tormented.Where is this coming from? Eames, please.We need to call in anyway.This case has brought out the What's the code word? Feminist in my partner.Well, it's all right.You know, she's an attractive woman in what used to be a man's job.It can't be easy.Attractive? If hostility turns you on.That's not what I meant.If you wanna know, that's more my type.Not bad, if you like high-maintenance ball-busters.No.You see, I like women.They don't always get a fair shake.So you have no problem with Jenny working in How did you put it, what used to be a man's job? Of course not.I told those guys that she deserved a chance.You know, I hope you're wrong about those guys.I have to go.The new age man.He likes women, he understands them.He tried to help Jenny.And still she's dead.Another ineffectual nice guy.I wonder how helpful he really was.HUMAN RESOURCES TRANS UNION AIR THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 22 These memos from Keith Ramsey are about work procedures.Where are the ones about sexual harassment? We never got anything from him about that.These memos concern his comments on work proposals made by Ms.Sullivan."Putting more security in the baggage terminal "will result in additional costs."Ms.Sullivan's proposal requires further study." Ms.Sullivan, she wanted more security in her department? Apparently, yes.She thought incoming mailbags were spending too much time in the terminal.She proposed rescheduling pick-ups by the post office.Ramsey said that she overstated the problem.Every chance that he gets, he submarines her.What's the date on her memo about the mailbags? August 25.McCarthy poured urine in her locker on the 27th.Her security memo? September 15th.On September 18, she found the glow stick in her car.They were harassing her in response to her memos.Mailbags and security.Touchy subjects.Identity fraud? You have my attention.Jenny complained that her workers were taking unscheduled breaks.These breaks coincided with flights arriving from Sioux City and Bakersfield.All the flights carried mailbags.Sioux City is a distribution center for major credit card companies.Bakersfield is headquarters for two credit reporting companies.That's what was in those mailbags, credit cards and credit reports.Which were being stolen.Which is what Jenny Sullivan uncovered? There's no evidence that she knew what was going on.She was doing her job.Getting in the way.They tried to drive her out by harassing her.When that didn't work, they k*lled her.The FBI has to be brought in on this.Who's the ringleader, Ramsey? The m*rder seems out of character for him.The evidence against him won't support an arrest warrant anyway.We'll start with the others.She was wound too tight.I just ragged on her so she'd loosen up, you know.Yeah, loosen up.Is that why you think the FBI's here? It's the mailbags, Desmond.That's why you wanted her to loosen up.That's why you k*lled her.I never went near those bags.I took those breaks 'cause I have a medical condition.Right, the Sioux City mailbag syndrome.I hear it's contagious.Your buddies all caught it.I swear I never opened those bags.You're the only one of those guys who touched her.And k*lling her was that much easier? It wasn't me.I got nothing to say about mailbags.But the k*lling, I'm not taking the hit for that.That was Walt.Walter Tate.He messed with her car.I did not steal from mailbags.That's a federal crime.I'm no idiot.I got a wife and kids.Maybe you didn't steal, Walter, but maybe you know those other guys did.Desmond and Stuart.You're not gonna get me to say anything about anybody.Well, you got a lot more character than your buddies, Walter, I'll give you that.One of them told us that you were seen putting something in Jenny's t*nk.That's a damn lie! You talk to Bill Stuart.You ask him why he washed out the trunk of his car the day after the m*rder.That's right.People saw him.I'm not going down for this.I did not k*ll her.If you know who did, Bill, now's the time.Martinez.It's Martinez.Martinez drove out after her that night.Somebody saw him.I just put the mailbags in a room and those other guys, they took stuff out of them.No.See, Martinez, you did more than just push mailbags around the terminal.There's what you did to Jenny.That sex stuff? Yeah, that wasn't my idea.I liked her.Everybody was giving her such a hard time, and she still brought us homemade cookies.Cookies? Keith said it was a peace offering.Something must've been wrong with her baking because somebody saw you following her that night.They didn't see me.Desmond.He's the one followed her.There isn't enough against Ramsey.But with Martinez's statement, the Bureau can proceed against McCarthy, Stuart and Tate for mail theft and fraud.As far as the m*rder, well, that's your jurisdiction.Thanks for your help.Well, at least they said thank you.So now we have four m*rder suspects.And four witnesses and four sets of facts.This is not a promising development.These guys could've orchestrated this.Not these four.Someone fed them those stories.The same mind that put the ping-pong ball in Jenny's car is now playing ping-pong with us.I had a very nice time.It's not that.I just have a big day tomorrow.I'll call you later this week.Keith, I'll call you, okay? I better get my coat.Keith.Keith.Tell me some news, Keith.We need to get back to business.I told you I can't get the documents right now.It's too dangerous.The cops are questioning my guys.Your guys, they can hurt you.My guys only know what I tell them.You don't have to worry about them.Okay.Then I just worry about you.Our new best friends at the FBI traced the usage of the card numbers stolen from the airport.So far they're showing over a million dollars in long distance calls to Eastern Europe.Our boys must be fencing the cards to the Russians.Such lovely business partners.What're you looking for? Cookies.Martinez said that Jenny made them cookies.But it's not in here.Maybe she had other things on her mind.She wrote down everything else.Here.Ramsey told her he discussed her harassment with a woman's rights lawyer.More bull.She wrote down the lawyer's name.Lucia Hastings.Can you look it up in the bar association directory? Probably the only bar Lucia's associated with is the cocktail lounge at the airport.Well, what do you know.Lucia Hastings.Associate at Markham & Frasier.APARTMENT OF LUCIA HASTINGS MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26 Like I said on the phone, I don't know Keith very well.Is one of his employees suing him? Executives are such easy targets.Executives like Keith? He mentioned ever since he became a - I'm so bad with titles.- Vice President.Yeah, I know.But of what? Do you still have his card? Vice President of Operations.I'm curious.How did my name come up? You made an impression on him.But then again, you are his type.You met socially? At a club.Ahmad's in SoHo.Couple of months ago.So what's he done? Embezzled company funds? I'm surprised that you'd say that.'Cause, you know, he's such a nice guy.Well, sure, he was nice.Nice enough to date? I let him take me out to dinner.How did the evening end? Not the way he hoped.And when you told him that you weren't interested, how did he take it? He just got very quiet.I gave the waiter my card to pay for the drinks.I thought that was the least I could do.Then I went to the powder room.When I got back, Keith was gone, and I haven't heard from him since.Later on, did you notice anything missing from your purse? / No.How about your wallet? Credit card that you left on the table? No.It was there when I got back.How about when you got your bill at the end of the month? Well, as a matter of fact, someone had charged a bunch of phone calls to Sarajevo of all places.Of all places.He stole her credit card number and passed it on to his Russian buddies.He masquerades as an airline exec.That's what he does for sport? Well, it's not a sport.It's how he sees himself.The waitresses at Ahmad's said he comes in a couple of nights a week, in a business suit, flashing a roll, chats up one or two ladies and usually goes home alone.Home being The Dakota across the hall from Yoko.At least that's what he told the bartender.I wish we could give him a new home.The phone charges on Lucia Hastings' card tie him to the mail theft ring.That still leaves the m*rder.Ramsey doesn't like confrontation.It would take something deeply threatening to trigger the kind of rage that k*lled Jenny Sullivan.I don't know what that trigger could be.I can't see it yet.Thank you.And one for the lady? - No, thanks.- Please.I've been on the phone all day trying to avert another airline strike.And the only thing that'll make me feel better is if I can buy a beautiful woman a drink.Well, thank you.Thank you for accepting.I am Keith.Steffi.What airline do you work for, Keith? Trans Union.I'm Vice President of Operations.There's gonna be a strike? Right now, I couldn't care less.Hi, Keith.How fabulous to run into you.I just got off the Concorde.You know, when you finally take over that airline of yours, you should really buy a couple of those.They are so fabulous.And who's this? - Hi, I'm Alex.- Steffi.Steffi.What a cute name.And you remember Bob? Bob, the shipping magnate? / Hi, Keith.Did Alex tell you what she does for a living? She's a queen.Queen of Sheba.They're pulling your leg.No, no.Shipping magnate.Queen of Sheba.And what was it, Vice President of Trans Union Airlines? It's so fabulous.Why don't the three of us go back to our place and talk about our fabulous jobs? You know, you two are very funny, but Steffi and I We even brought you an invitation.We insist, Keith.I'm sorry.Backlog in night court.Two hour wait to get an attorney appointed to represent you.But I ran into two attorneys I know who are taking cases.Mr.Drotos, Ms.Broderick.Both excellent.They've looked at the complaint.Your choice, Mr.Ramsey.Mr.Drotos, why don't you have a seat? All right.No, wait.I don't want him.I want her.- Do you two need a minute? - Yeah, that would No.I don't need a minute.I didn't have anything to do with any mail theft.These charges are ridiculous.So if you had $3,600 on you, we shouldn't think anything of it? A friend repaid a loan.And this money clip, these cufflinks.They're from Bulgari.How much do you make a year? Fifty, sixty grand? Those are gifts.From your many admirers? This It's a Kiton jacket.That's $5,000.Was this a gift or did it fall out of a suitcase in the lost and found? Mr.Ramsey, you shouldn't answer any of their questions.Keith, I'm not sure, but I think I detected a tone of condescension in her voice.Detective.You know, Keith might just be a supervisor of baggage handlers, but he's really a lot more sophisticated than you give him credit for.Let's stay on point.All right, the point is, is that he is a high-flying airline executive trapped in the life of a nobody.I mean, isn't that right, Keith? You are reading way too much into this.It was a hustle.If you just wanted to get lucky, you should've hit on the waitresses at Ahmad's.They think you're pretty cute.He doesn't want waitresses.Do you? You want thoroughbreds.Why not? And that's why you stole the credit cards to bankroll this man of the world you needed to be.I had nothing to do with that.Do you remember Lucia Hastings? You mentioned her to Jenny.Jenny wrote about everything.He lifted her credit card number.I did no such thing.These are the calls to Eastern Europe that were charged to her card.The same phone numbers also appear on the bills for credit cards stolen from the mailbags at the airport.I did not lift Lucia's credit card number.I'm not some creep.Before we arrested him, we searched your apartment.Not the one at The Dakota, the other one.And we found these things in a drawer in your bedroom.It's a Chanel scarf.A young woman left it behind.A silver business card holder with the business cards.A gold Dunhill lighter.I tried to return that.Mr.Ramsey, I really think we need to talk before this continues.This must be really embarrassing for you.For a classy woman to see you for what you are.It's not what you think.You know what I think? I think that you really resent women who frustrate your plans.Like Lucia, like Jenny.I tried to help Jenny.Isn't that what the notebook says? That I helped her? You wanted her out of the way.It was those other guys.I told her not to provoke them.But she baked them cookies.How was that provocative? Where'd you hear about that? Did she write about it? No, she didn't.You told the guys that they were a peace offering.Yeah, I told Jenny they wouldn't appreciate it.You were worried there for a moment.No, what do you mean? That she'd written about the cookies.She wrote about everything else.Each instance of sexual harassment but not one word about the cookies.What is the big deal about a tin of cookies? She didn't bake them for the guys.She baked them for you.No.That's why she didn't write about it 'cause it was private.I mean, she had a thing for you.I don't know anything about it.Well, why not? A man of the world.How could you miss it? No, no, you gave her a shoulder to cry on.Right? And she looked up at you with those big cow eyes.- That's insulting! - No, no, no, you see, I get it now.She liked you.But the funny thing is, with all her memos and complaints, she was gonna screw everything up for you.- No more Steffis.- Not true.No more man of the world.The only thing that would be left would be Jenny Sullivan.The booby prize.That would never happen.Jenny thought it could.How could she? How could she think that I would even be seen with somebody like her? Well, why not? I mean, maybe she didn't look so hot in a cocktail dress, but unlike those uptown girls, she would've gladly jumped into the sack with you with both feet.Never in a million years would I let something like that happen.- Mr.Ramsey - Shut up.So why were you so resistant? Is it because you thought she was crummy? Like your job, like your office? - She just didn't belong.- Like you? You were afraid that people would think that girl is the best a crummy, little nobody like Keith could ever hope for.No.I am better than that.Well, Jenny presumed to think otherwise, and so you taught her a lesson.It was those other guys.Keith, she would've never gotten into their car.She didn't trust them.She only trusted you.And that's why we know you did it, Keith.You looked at her and you saw yourself.Your true, crummy self.And that made you angry at her.She got in your way, right? And you got angry at her.She loved you, and you were angry at her.She trusted you.Angry.- So you b*at the life out of her.- God! No! - You punished her! - That dumpy bitch! Why didn't she just quit? Why didn't she Don't look at me that way! Don't look at me.That's the problem with most men.They want what they can't get, and don't want what they have.No.The problem with men is they talk too much.
02x12 - Suite SorrowQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:21In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.She is not to know about this.How much do you usually get? Think of a number you're comfortable with.Now double it.Just now, up in her office.This is what she thinks of me.Oh, God.She has no boundaries.It's not gonna work.I mean us, Julie.I'm sorry.We make a good team, Kenneth.You're fooling yourself.Nan will make our life a living hell.I'm sorry, Julie.I really am.Kenneth.He loves me, Mother.Is that so hard to believe? - Your judgment is off.- Right.I disagree with you, so I must be wrong.It's my life.Do you hear me? Everyone hears you, Julie.But as long as you live under my roof, and work for me, you You can't control me! Is this a bad time? Julie was just leaving.She only wants what's best for you.Dad, how can you take her side? I'm not.The last week, when the talk about selling the hotel came up What? She didn't She said she would discuss it with you.She can't do this! You can't let her upset you like this.Come on, you've got everything going for you.You're young, you're talented, you're gorgeous.Guys would k*ll for the chance to date you.You know that, don't you? No.No second thoughts.I just Of course I trust you.I will.Mr.Turner! Mr.Turner! The room below, they call about the water, but / Slow down, Carlos.Slow down.There is a leak into the suite below yours.I called Mrs.Turner many times, no answer.I didn't want to disturb her.Nan? Nan! Mr.Turner! Nan! Law & Order CI There's no obvious signs of a struggle.The wine glass didn't even spill.Other than the corpse in the tub, the entire suite is fit for a princess.Just like the ads say.She drink and drown? The body fights drowning.The throat closes to keep the water out.The victim suffocates.Which means she should've surfaced.Which she hasn't.Lungs are filled with water and her throat didn't close.Forehead has blisters, pinpricks.Botox sh*ts.Just a guess, going by that nice smooth look in all her photos.Botox works by paralyzing the nerves around the facial muscles, doesn't it? Does it look like I'd know? Xanax, Ambien, heart pills.A real pinata bowl.The bed was slept in.You Major Case? I'm Cooper.That's my boss in the tub.I'm the house d*ck here.Used to be at the 24.- I'm the one who called you.- On a drowning? The husband doesn't want any insurance questions later.For example? She was suicidal? She makes other people suicidal.That include her husband? Ask him.He's in the study, about a half a mile down that hallway.Nan did not do this to herself.She never would have given her enemies the satisfaction.She must've slipped or Or something.The manager said you got home around 3:00.Yes.Poker night at the Explorers.Every week for 20 years.So your wife was here by herself? Yes.What about your daughter? Julie was with her fiance, Kenneth Rayfield.She's at his loft now.She's She's far too upset to do any good here.Your wife have enemies? When Nan's father d*ed, she took over the old dame.It's been a battle.With whom? Unions? The suppliers? The competition.She was determined to keep the hotel in the family.This belonged to Admiral Peary? He took it to the pole.Nan's father acquired it.And you use it as a, you know, letter opener? Your competitors, have they made a play for the hotel? There is talk that the Grimwalds are about to make an offer but you'll have to try Julie on that.Can't we try you? When the family trust was set up, the hotel passed directly to Nan and then to Julie.I'm not part of that loop.One last thing.Did your wife get Botox injections? A gentleman does not ask a lady to reveal her secrets.I saw Mom just before 8:00.She was in a good mood.And then you went to your fiance's? I'd just gotten back from the gym.We ordered Chinese, watched a DVD.A quiet night.- It wasn't that quiet.- Kenneth.Your father told us that your mother was gonna keep the hotel in the family.That's right.What are your plans? I grew up in the Townson Hotel.It's my home.I'm not selling it.Maybe a competitor thought they could change your mind.The Grimwalds, for example.If the offer was generous enough? What did the Algonquin sell for last year, $30 million? Forty.And it's hardly in the same league as the Townson.I'm an equity analyst at Mason Stone.Oh.Helen Grimwald's always had her eye on the Townson.But she underestimates me, like everyone else.So Nan It wasn't an accident, is that what you're inferring? You mean implying.The listener infers.And detectives speculate, since we don't know the cause of death yet.We'll be in touch.We're so sorry for your loss, especially now you're getting married.We haven't set a date yet.We just met three months ago at a benefit and we Wow, three months.A whirlwind romance.Well, we We both just knew.Well, you're lucky to have each other.He knew when he got a look at her mother's hotel The ME's got the tox screen results.This holds 100 units of botulin.It's good for four treatments.Nan Turner had over 3,000 units in her system.Would this fill a whole syringe? Sure.It's freeze-dried.Just add saline solution and find a vein.What about these pinpricks on her forehead? Oh, those would be from a regular treatment, probably the day she d*ed.The lethal dose went into her jugular.Now, she had sleeping pills, wine.She was probably injected in her sleep.Yeah, the botulin caused a descending paralysis.First she can't open her eyes, then she can't speak, can't swallow.And can't close her throat.But she can still breathe.So the k*ller dragged her to her bathtub, pushed her under and her lungs filled with water.Death by Botox.Live slow, die old, leave a good-looking corpse.Thanks to your friendly local dermatologist.Oh, I checked with her doctors.They never gave her Botox.Well, there's always the hotel beauty salon.TOWNSON HOTEL THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 21 I'm not licensed to dispense Botox.Yeah, we've found that a lot of people do things that they're not licensed to do.Especially if their landlord insists.My salon never treated her.Not only does he remove hairs, but he splits them.Your cosmeticians, technically, they're independent contractors, right? Yes.If you had to pick one? Jason.He's got a following.House calls, parties.Julie, I want you to think.Imagine the worst thing that Kenneth could do, and then ask yourself, would you still love him? What's done is done.What matters is, would you still love him? Would you? Then do whatever needs to be done.He's incredible.Isn't Jason the perfect little miracle-worker? He has quite a following.Are these to-dos always so crowded? No.Half of us were here last Wednesday.My dear, I would k*ll to have your skin.Laser abrasion, am I right? No.If you just saw Jason, why would you need another treatment? Because Wednesday he showed up empty-handed.Oxygen facial? No.So what happened? He left his whole supply in a cab.I know.You had a lymphatic drain facial.Sorry, just soap and water.Now serving number 10.I'll be done in a jiff.Aren't we eager? I couldn't take the risk you'd run out like last Wednesday.What a nightmare! I'm surprised it didn't make the evening news.There's still a chance.Jason here ran out of Botox the night Nan Turner d*ed.What is going on here? A m*rder investigation.The Baronet.Isn't that a Grimwald hotel? Yeah, what isn't? I gave a party in one of their suites.The Vam Dam, another Grimwald hotel.Boy, you are just in too cozy with the Grimwalds for your own good.He left those vials in a cab.How often do you need to hear it? Helen Grimwald was your regular customer.I mean, you saw her the Monday before you saw Nan Turner.Come on.It's written right there in ink.Did she know that Nan was your client? He's not gonna answer that.He's gonna want to say something.He's already on the hook for nine counts of dispensing a controlled substance.It's just Botox, for God's sake.Just Botox? You mean anyone could do it? Even me? This stuff was derived from something developed for germ warfare in the '50s.A jury might not think it's so harmless.Especially when they find out Nan d*ed after having 30 vials of it jammed into her neck.I, look I I lugged those vials around all day in this.First in the fridge at the Townson's beauty salon.Then I had some sessions at the Baronet.I stored them in their spa.After that, the Plaza.Well, you get the idea.The idea being that the vials could've been stolen at any point.Yes.Not that I'm pointing fingers, but Helen Grimwald knew that Nan was a client of mine.She was always asking me about Nan's health.It was morbid.She thought as soon as Nan kicked, she could grab up the hotel? Yeah, I tried to tell her Julie Turner would never sell.Julie lived to renovate.But Helen said that she had a little bird who told her to be patient.A little bird.Yes.Apparently the same one who saved her a lot of money when she bought the Baronet.Okay, thank you.Three years ago, when the Grimwalds bought the Baronet, they got a bridge loan through Mason Stone.Kenneth Rayfield's firm.Yeah, that's Helen Grimwald's little bird.Once the old lady's out of the way, he'd sweet-talk the daughter into selling the hotel.And he gets a commission from the Grimwalds and a $40 million dowry.Except that he k*lled Nan before marrying the daughter and locking in the profits.Nan was in bad health.He could've let nature take its course.Something forced his hand.Kenneth? Julie adores him.You trust her judgment? Three months, they're already engaged? Julie's had some bad luck in the past.She's been divorced? No, she was engaged about three years ago.Came to her senses just in time.Was this guy also in the real estate field? Junker? He played the field, he didn't have one.How'd you find out? We found out because Nan did her due diligence.You didn't tell Julie? With Julie, if you push one way, she tends to go the other way.We felt it better to let her Come to her senses? You know There's a check stub missing.It's been ripped out.And the checks before and after were written the day of your wife's m*rder.It's check 768.Do you know anything about it? The trust account was strictly Nan's domain.OFFICE OF LLOYD PRESCOTT FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 29 It's been over a week.That check should have cleared by now.The day the check was written, were there any other transfers into the account? Mrs.Turner transferred $100,000.Did I say something amusing? Not yet.Could you look up a check? A three-year-old check? The name of the payee? Well, we only have the first name.Junker, with a J.Just be happy his name isn't Messerschmitt.There.Junker Dalton.$30,000 for traveling expenses.As in, "Hit the road, Junker." Nan's M.O.She pays Julie's fiances to go away.Ken didn't go.Why take the consolation prize when you can stay in the game and marry $40 million? So Kenneth k*lled Nan and Julie's covering for him.My father told me all about your suspicions.You're desperate.You don't care whose life you destroy.We care who destroyed your mother's.When Ken came over that day she d*ed, it was around lunchtime? People saw him in the lobby.Yes, he was here to have lunch with me.Oh, good, because the people who saw him weren't sure what day it was.Oh, is that how it's going to be? We're going to play tricks? Well, like you said, we're desperate.Anyway, so the two of you met in the loft.That was around 8:00? He just came back from the gym, he took a shower? / Yes.- Yes? / No.- No? What? - He showered at the gym.- Take your time.And then you ordered in Chinese from Maple Duck? Yes.Did we tell you? We got it off his credit card bill.You see, we did a little snooping.The restaurant told us this Look at this That the order was made just after 10:00.Well, as Ken alluded crudely, we were preoccupied.Oh, yeah, well Oh, that's right.You took a tumble between 8:00 and 10:00.The restaurant also told us the order was picked up in person.Well, they're confused.Ken was with me the whole evening.Then we're confused, because his gym said he scanned himself in just after 9:00.Oh, someone must have stolen his membership card.Next you're gonna tell me someone stole his cell phone and called you at quarter to ten.No, I used his cell phone.I misplaced mine in his loft, so I called it, so it would ring, so I could find it.You're turning every little innocent thing into evidence of nothing.While you waited for Ken at his loft, Ken k*lled your mother and then ran around establishing his alibi.'Cause he was afraid that you wouldn't lie for him.I'm not lying.Ken wouldn't hurt my mother.You're into homeopathy.There's Lycopodium, Iris, Satrum.Leave my things alone.Well, they're expired, anyway.You don't use them? No.Just put them down.You know, your mother was right.You have no judgment when it comes to men.How would you know what my mother Your last fiance What was his name? Junker.She paid him 30 grand to get lost.How would you know about That was a loan.- She knew - A con when she saw one.Is that why she wrote Ken a check for $100,000? Ken ripped up that check.Doesn't that tell you something? Well, what's one check when you can marry the checkbook? How dare you! Ken loves me! Is that so hard to believe? He understands me! He loves me! We're sorry.We'll show ourselves out.She's not covering for him.He's covering for her.RIKERS ISLAND CORRECTIONAL FACILITY MONDAY, DECEMBER 2 I never gave her treatments.Julie's an attractive young woman.She doesn't need Botox.I saw Julie's homeopathic stash.All the treatments for migraines.And the heavy curtains in her suite, to block out the light.She suffered from migraines.I wouldn't know.We checked with the hotel pharmacy.It's been four months since she refilled her migraine prescriptions.She found something better, didn't she? She found Botox.We heard for some people, it works miracles.That day that Nan d*ed, Julie came to you.She said she had a bad one and you just wanted to help her.She said they hurt so bad that they make people want to k*ll themselves.She asked to buy your whole supply? She threatened to make trouble for you? I just wanted to help her.And then later, I realized You helped her commit m*rder.The happy couple.We brought you new engagement rings.Julie Turner, you're under arrest for m*rder.You're gonna have to come with us, too.Ken, don't leave me.It's nice being loved so much.Ken! I just told Helen Grimwald Nan had concerns about Julie's ability to run the hotel.Nan might've been enticed to sell it before Julie could run it into the ground? Yes.Did Julie know what her mother was thinking? I don't know.We talked about other things.Like about the $100,000 check? Julie told us about that.Not one of my finest moments.I acted rashly.Ripping up the check was a noble gesture.I mean, giving Julie back the engagement ring.But Nan would've made our life a living hell.Julie didn't tell you? Let's see if we have this straight.Her mother was planning to sell the hotel out from under her and she drove her fiance away.Did we miss anything? I know what you're implying.But Julie is just not capable of hurting her mother.So, again, what time did Julie show up at your loft? And this is an answer that you wanna give a lot of thought to.I I called her just after I left the gym.She was out walking.I told her to meet me at my place.She She got there just after 10:00.Sounds like the right answer.Whose idea was it to lie? Julie was afraid she'd be accused.I Now, I told her that was ridiculous.But she was so upset.She I said, "We should just say that we were together." I knew she'd never have hurt Nan.I bought enough for one headache, okay? I was under a lot of stress with the wedding preparations and the redecorating.Redecorating your mother allowed you to do while she was making provisions to sell the hotel? Just a rumor.- My mother had complete faith in me.- Your mother I No.No, it's too easy.Why? What's too easy? To get you to go on about your mother.You should wait for your lawyer.I don't need a lawyer to tell the truth.No, you need a lawyer because it's hard for you to know what the truth is.It's not your fault.I mean, how could you, with a mother like Nan? Don't patronize me.I've had enough of that.Hey, I'm trying to let you know that there's a lot of sympathy for you in this room.You had a parent that lied to you.Undermined you.Questioned your judgment to the point where you didn't even trust it yourself.She didn't want you to be happy.I did not hate my mother.I did not k*ll her.I was with Kenneth.That's not true.Ken told us.Julie, we can see that you're not a cold-blooded k*ller.You were provoked.I didn't k*ll her.And she drove Kenneth away.Kenneth told us that he broke off the engagement.That was just a test.She wanted to see if he'd take the money.A test? Like the $30,000 she loaned Junker? No, she was right about him.That he took the money? That and he was cheating on me.According to Nan.She showed me pictures, okay? So if she had anything on Kenneth, she would've shown it to me.So it was just a test.And he passed.Then she realized I was right.She realized he loves me.This is Mr.Edwards, her family lawyer.Your father's just outside, Julie.He doesn't want you to say another word.Until we get a criminal attorney, she's reasserting her right to remain silent.What do you mean, we can't post bail? Most of the money is in the family trust.Normally, Julie would have access to it, but since she's charged with k*lling Nan There's gotta be something I can use for collateral? There's not enough that's yours to pledge.There's gotta be something we can do.Well, if she were to assign you power of attorney over the trust, temporarily Well I don't want it to appear as though I'm losing faith in her.Perhaps you can bring it up with her, from a legal standpoint.- Well, that's your call, William.- Yes.Now, as far as a defense attorney, I want the best you can get.She can't tell us what it is or what it isn't, what she should tell us, what she shouldn't.She's a pathological liar.Whatever story works, that's the one she goes with.Whatever works for her.She's not lying to us, she's lying to herself.Are you hoping the truth is in these boxes? We're looking for the evidence Nan had against Kenneth.What makes you think she had anything more than a mother's instinct? Well, her husband said she did her due diligence.Last time, that meant photos of Julie's fiance.The evidence against Julie lays out in a nice, straight line.Juries like straight lines.Whatever Nan had, it's not here.And there's no evidence she hired an investigator now, or three years ago to take photos of Junker.Well, maybe she kept it in-house.So, what's your thinking on this m*rder? They're trying to find out who Mrs.Turner hired to take the snapshots of that What's his name? Junker.And the Captain thinks it was you.Well, you want a job done right, hire a pro.What can I tell you? Legwork 101.So when it was Kenneth's turn, she came to you? You would've thought.I even offered but Mrs.Turner said no.Why do you think? Mrs.Turner didn't want another incident.You mean, with Julie? She was violent? Yeah.She att*cked her mother? Well, they had this huge argument when Mrs.Turner showed her the pictures.I thought it was over.But that night, they're on their way out to go to some dinner, and Julie hauled off and punched her.Nearly broke her jaw.So this time, Mrs.Turner wanted to be more supportive of her daughter.She even took her to Florida the weekend before she d*ed.Just the two of them.Come back happy as pismo clams.I don't think Julie did it.We'll pass that on to the DA.Thanks for coming in.Yeah, one last thing.This punch-out over the photos, did Kenneth know about it? Yeah, he asked me about it once.He found it amusing.Well, you know where to find me.Kenneth told us he didn't think Julie was capable of hurting her mother.Gee, you think he was lying? He knew she could be provoked.With rumors of Nan selling the hotel, with Nan paying off another fiance, he got her to do his dirty work for him.If she gets caught, his hands are clean So much for nice straight lines.I gladly posted bail today.Anyone who knows my daughter, knows she could not possibly have committed this crime.Julie! Julie, did you do it? She has no comment, gentlemen.No comment, please.I just wanna say how much I miss my mom.I loved her very much.Do you have any other comments? It may amuse you to know her lawyer's already putting out feelers for a plea bargain.I'm inclined to accept.Even if someone put her up to it? That doesn't lessen her culpability.Who is this someone? Her fiance.He created a circumstance which he knew in the past had caused her to att*ck her mother.If her fiance were trying to control her, wouldn't she lash out at him? Not if he made her believe Nan was pulling the strings.If you take Julie's plea, if you put the weight of this m*rder on her shoulders alone, we lose our leverage against any other suspect.I'll hold off responding to their plea offer.But sooner or later, I will take the bird in hand.Kenneth, he knew that if he could trick Nan into paying him off, Julie would snap.And the way to trick Nan was to let her find out about his, you know, bad behavior.Nan and Julie spent the weekend in Florida.She wrote the check when she came back.Kenneth was in the city alone.Whatever he did to set Nan off, good chance he did it that weekend.At this point, I don't think we should count on Kenneth.But who else can testify for me? Well, that's why I approached Mr.Carver.About a plea bargain? Absolutely not.Will, consider manslaughter.If Julie said she had help from Well, from Kenneth, for example.I would never hurt Kenneth, ever.My daughter doesn't have to perjure herself to win.If you're afraid to try this case, we'll find someone who isn't.Friday night he had sushi for one.Phone calls to Julie in South Beach every couple of hours.So lovey-dovey.Do you have a charge there CAFE BRASILIA TUESDAY, DECEMBER 3 Did you see who was number two? No.This is Kenny? He's so handsome.Everybody's having a, you know, a good time.This is a good time place.I like these photos.Who took them? Mercedes.You remember this guy three Saturdays ago? Oh, yes.This guy asked me to take a picture of him and his date, like a surprise.So, I do.What did his date look like? They were kissing.I see only the back of his head.He was wearing a baseball hat.His head? The date was a man? / Yes.Did he buy the photo? This guy buy it right away.Okay? Kenneth outed himself.He sent the photo to Nan anonymously.He knew that it would get her to pay him off.Why didn't Nan just tell Julie? She had proof, in living color.No.If she did, Julie would've dumped him herself.Kenneth's plan wouldn't have worked.He had to make Nan appear unreasonable.He had to make absolutely sure that Nan would never show Julie the photo.Julie goes to jail, who's left standing? No.It explains everything.We're both innocent, okay? I told Mr.Behrens I'm not interested in a plea bargain.Neither are we, but we're compelled to explore mitigating circumstances.I'm not some puppet.No one can manipulate me into A: Something I didn't do, and B: Something I would never do.C and D: You att*cked your mother three years ago and Kenneth knew it.That's I was a different person then.- Anyway, Kenneth didn't know.- He knew.He talked to your house detective.This is Mr.Cooper's statement.While you and your mother were in Florida, Kenneth went to a nightclub.This is a photo of his reservation.You see his name here? Kenny.While he was there, he had a photo taken of himself.A compromising photo which he sent to Nan anonymously.This is the statement from the hostess at the club.And this is the statement of the girl who took the photo.Please.Kenneth kissing another man? Believe me, if my mother had that photo, she would've shown it to me.Even if it meant hurting you? I've gotten over worse.Kenneth didn't want you to get over this.And there's a reason why your mother didn't show you the photo.Because she did love you.She was afraid it would destroy you.We found out Kenneth served on a tourism board last year.- Did you know that? - No.Your father was on the same board.Did he mention meeting Ken? No.He was only on it for a few months.What does this have to do with anything? That benefit where you met Kenneth, how did you happen to go? My father bought me a ticket.He thought I should get involved in good works.Your father has your best interest at heart? He gives you good advice? Yes, he does.He's always there for you.He was standing next to you on the courthouse steps./ Yes.He probably asked you not to take the plea bargain.That a trial would vindicate you? Yes, he did.He believes in me.What are you getting at? We noticed, from the trust accounts, your mother paid your father a monthly allowance.I don't know.That was between them.Who signs those allowance checks now? Well, because of this nonsense You signed power of attorney over to your father? If you go to prison, what'll happen to the hotel? - I'm not going to prison.- If you do, who will control the hotel? Your father? Yes.Because he has power of attorney, he could sell it.- He wouldn't.- But he could and there would be no one to stop him.No.No, my father did not do this to me.Don't get upset and just sit and listen.Your father knew your temper.He knew what buttons to push.He used Ken to provoke you.I'm not listening to any more of this! Julie./ Let her go.Go ahead, Julie, run.Just run.You push her one way, she goes the other.Those are the exact words your father said to us.Imagine the insight that he gave Kenneth.No wonder Ken understood you.Oh, this can't be true.My father loves me.Your mother loved you.She didn't show you the photo, she couldn't show you the photo, because the other man kissing Ken wasn't just any other man.No.No, my My father's not gay.This is a monstrous lie.Julie, come on, you've known it all along.Even as a kid, this image that your parents presented to you, of a happy marriage, and what you saw with your eyes was out of sync with what you felt.Oh, God.What's happening? What's happening to me? Look, in my own life, I know what it's like to have your judgment, your sense of security, undermined by your parents.Because they were hiding a truth or denying it to themselves.You can survive that.My client's ready to admit her guilt in her mother's m*rder, but obviously, her father's involvement has changed her situation.As I said, we're willing to consider mitigation.But we still have to make a case against Mr.Turner.Do you have a plan? We've discussed one.We found a clause in your mother's trust agreement.You need my help? Well, only if you're up to it.Julie! Julie, if I'd known you were waiting for me, I would've come home sooner.How are you, honey? I have news, Daddy.Good news.Great.Would you like a drink? No.I'm going back on the wagon.Well, now that is great news.How'd it go with the district attorney? Have they come to their senses yet? Not yet, but Daddy, the good news.There's a miracle.After the meeting, I went to the doctor's.I'm pregnant.Does anyone else know this? I just talked to Kenneth.Daddy, he was so happy, he cried.- And then we decided - Decided what? In the morning, we're going to City Hall to get married.Oh, no.Oh, no.You can't rush this.You've got a trial.Kenneth doesn't want to wait.I'm sure he doesn't.Julie, did you ever show the family trust papers to Kenneth? Maybe once, why? That's it, reel him in.Because there's a clause in the trust that says that, if in any case that you can't administer the trust, say you d*ed, or went to prison, it would pass to your child, or your child's guardian.That will be Kenneth if you marry him.Well, I'm sure Kenneth would take good care of things.No, no, no, no.Kenneth is not the kind of man you think he is.What do you mean? I thought you liked him.I do.But you can't marry him.I swore to your mother I would never tell you this.She was convinced you wouldn't be able to handle it.Handle what? Your mother received a photograph of Kenneth in a compromising situation.He's the father of my child now.I think I can forgive him an indiscretion.Not this one.He was with another man.Got him.Daddy, why didn't you tell me? You seemed so happy.You'd let me live a lie? - I thought that - Whoa, whoa, where's she going? if you found out about his preference later, - Where's she going? - you'd learn to live with it.Is that what mother did? Learn to live with it? What are you talking about? No.No.We gotta get in there.We gotta get in there! You never had anything for me.Ever.You never loved me.Mom did, but you didn't.Julie.You bastard! How could you do this to me? Our whole life was a lie! I was just a child.Mom loved me! Hey, if anyone deserved it - She wasn't ready.- Detective No, no, no, I know that anger.I should've seen it coming.
02x13 - See MeQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:22In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.How long was Mr.Richter your patient? A little over 10 years.It's imperative that I get in touch with him.This new information directly impacts his condition.This new information you can't tell me about.You never did say what your specialty was.I'm a psychiatrist.And how did you find out Mr.Richter was my patient? Did you snoop through confidential records? - Dr.Dysart - Dr.Roland, I think Mr.Richter probably had good reason to stop seeing you.I need to see him, Mr.Garcia.I am his doctor.He's never mentioned you.Why don't we ask him? Is he here? Derek, this man needs to go.All right, all right, all right, all right.Can I leave him a note? Jeff.Jeff.It's me, Michael.Hey, did you get my note? I don't want to talk to you.Do you still like steak? There's a place right over on Lexington Listen, you just stay away.I faxed that note to Katherine B.Thompson.She's at the New York Times.You can tell me all about it right over Don't touch me.Don't ever touch me! Jeff.If he ever touches me again, I'll k*ll him.Come on, man, let's go back Inside.Say goodbye to Grandma.I can't believe she's gone.It's just me now.You have us.You have Matthew.Come on, Maisy, one bush is as good as the next.Tough doggie.Finally.Law & Order CI No wallet, no ID in the pocket.You checked the dog tags? Oh, right.I'm waiting on that.Major Case catching muggings now, huh? Only the ones in the Mayor's backyard.We're ready for that witness.I count 11 Kn*fe wounds to the chest, shoulders, neck.None on the hands or arms.No defensive wounds.He's got Kn*fe strikes coming at him from all sides.He would have put his arms up to protect himself.And look at the way he's tangled up in these vines.I don't know.This guy was disoriented.Maybe because somebody was trying to k*ll him.Yeah, but he didn't do the things that might have saved him.You found the body? Yeah, I was jogging.His dog jumped out of the bushes.You ever seen him? Yeah, just before I decided to turn around and go home, around 10:00.Is there a particular reason why you turned around and went home? Lightning.Dry lightning.I caught a flash out of the corner of my eye.Right.Okay, thanks.I got an address for Maisy's owner.- Dr.Michael Roland, over on York.- Thanks.Dry lightning? In the park? Behind Gracie Mansion? Is that where he usually walks your dog? Yes.It's just so close.Oh, my God, Michael.We're very sorry.He ever mention any problems with his psychiatric patients, any threats? No.What did you think when your husband didn't come home? I didn't know what to think.Did you think that he wasn't walking the dog? He'd been out of the office a lot, in the mornings, or in the middle of the afternoon.He always had an excuse.People have been coming over, bringing food.Yes.My mother passed away.The service was two days ago.Well, that must've been very stressful for you and your husband.Yes.Yes, it was.OFFICE OF DR.MICHAEL ROLAND WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 4 I don't know what problems Dr.Roland was having at home, but I can guarantee he was not having an affair.I'm not opening these files.And I'm not giving you the password for his computer.Dr.Roland would want his patients' privacy protected.Even if one of his patients tried to k*ll him? His patients are neurotic, not psychotic.You logged on to his computer this morning, after we called you.- I did not.- Says right here you did.See, I can't open his folders, but I can get a record of when somebody last logged on.So you, what? You tried to erase his stash of dirty little pictures? - Compromising e-mails? - Absolutely not.Maybe she erased her own naughty things.Were you having a You know, fooling around with Dr.Roland? I didn't erase anything.His lawyer told me to save everything till he could look at it.There.That e-mail from Dr.Roland's internet server."To user M.Roland, the New York Attorney General's office has notified us" "of your unauthorized attempts to access NYMEDD." That's the Medicaid database.He was trying to hack into it? Medicaid said Roland was looking for the records of somebody named Jeff Richter.- Roland's secretary's never heard of him.- Have we? There's a Jeff Richter with the same social security number Roland used for his search.He's got a three-year-old as*ault charge.Bring him in.Easier said.His last known's no good.BCI doesn't have them.Neither does the DMV, Con Ed Look what he gives as his occupation when he was booked."De-programmed CIA assassin." This guy's got problems.He doesn't want to be found.Probably resents people who try.Well, he'd better get over it.Put an APB out to the homeless shelters.Right.Okay, all right, thank you.The weather service says no reports of lightning last night.When did Roland hack the Medicaid database? About three months ago.It's right after his mother-in-law was diagnosed with cancer.Derek saw him just before 9:00.He was going up to his room.Nobody saw him after that.They say the doctor was stabbed 11 times.He can do that.You know he can do that.I know.We have to protect ourselves.Derek and me will take care of it.Don't worry.Work will go on.Cinderblock.I know Cinderblock rooms.How many floors underground are we? We're 11 floors up, Jeff.Didn't you see the buttons on the elevator? Up is down.Down is up.I know the tricks.- You're him.He's you.- And who's he? I don't know him.You don't know Michael Roland, your own brother-in-law? Oh, I know that guy.But that's a facsimile of that guy.North Koreans have been turning out facsimiles for years.When's the last time you saw this facsimile? Last week at the Garcia House.He gave me a note about a funeral.Your mother's funeral.The whole thing was a trap.You lived at the Garcia House on 117th? Yeah, before the facsimile blew my cover.They asked me to leave so innocent people wouldn't be hurt.That's the price you pay when you work for the CIA.You were still at Garcia House Thursday night? Yes.I ate spaghetti.I had a smoke on the stoop and I went to bed.Anybody see you on that stoop? Millions of people.It's a big city.No, I see what you're doing, Jeff.You're using backward logic.Like, only sick people take pills, so if I stop taking pills, I I won't be sick.You follow? I take my pills.Yes.You didn't have anything on you when they picked you up at the shelter.And we looked up your Medicaid account.No charges in over a year.That's a lie.I take my pills.See for yourself.You know, I know it's hard to stay on your meds.It's like your head is, you know, wrapped in a wet blanket.But if you go off, then, well, that's when the trouble starts.Most schizophrenics aren't violent.But sometimes you are.That's why they asked you to leave Garcia House? It was to protect the innocent.From you.Because you were starting fights.I was not.I take my meds.Geodon.I take Geodon.Come on, Jeff.You even got into a fight Thursday night.You went for a walk.I don't go out nights.You ran into Michael and his dog.I tell you, I don't go out at night.It's too dark.I don't like it.I like your socks.Where'd you get them? The mission.Lucky you found a matching pair.Yeah.He squints.He doesn't like going out at night.He can't distinguish shades.He's got nyctalopia, night blindness.He wouldn't have att*cked Roland at night, he would've waited for daytime.Maybe under normal circumstances, but this guy hasn't taken his meds in over a year.Well, that's another thing.Geodon only came out on the market last year.The only way he'd know about it is if he was taking it.His fairy godmother must be paying for it because there's no record Medicaid is.There's no record of Richter anywhere this past year.He took himself off the radar.More than likely someone else did.My bet, it wasn't the North Koreans.Richter applied for a new social security number last year.He said he was being stalked.That's his supporting documentation.Five pages, typed, single spaced.I think he had help.Medicaid ran his new social security number.Besides his meds, they pay for his chiropractor twice a week, his dentist, once a week, eye doctor, art therapy, podiatrist, dermatologist.That guy's sicker than he looks.Let's find out.Jeff, how you feeling? Pretty good.How's your sciatica? Medicaid says you see a chiropractor for sciatica nerve problems in your left leg.Oh, that's all better.Your feet? Says here you see a podiatrist.I have bad arches.Can we see your feet? These dogs don't look so bad.What else does your doctor do besides clean your feet? Nothing.My arches still hurt.I told Mr.Garcia.Still, you have to admit, my feet look pretty good.They should, at 500 bucks a visit.GARCIA HOUSE HOMELESS SHELTER FRIDAY, DECEMBER 6 I had a chat with that doctor.Our medical advisory board said his fees and methods were pretty standard.This is your advisory board here? And lots of heavy hitters.How's Jeff? We've been so worried about him since he ran away.He told us he was asked to leave.We don't turn anybody away.When we bring people in off the street, we make them a promise, they'll always have a home.And you served spaghetti for dinner Thursday night? That sounds right.And after dinner Jeff likes to have a smoke on the stoop.I kind of lost track of Jeff that night.We don't do bed checks, so all I can say is, I don't I didn't see him.And what about you, Mrs.Garcia? I was upstairs in our rooms.All right.Well, so, maybe Jeff was here, you know, maybe he wasn't.Did he do any of these? No.Our other residents.We take them to art therapy twice a week.Oh.Emily LeCroix, what was she diagnosed with? Schizophrenia.- Really? - Yes.It's a wonderful painting, so full of hope.Well, it certainly is, um, you know, full of something.That's my favorite.Carol James.- Let me guess.- The lady has bipolar disorder.My mother's roommate at Carmel Ridge, she's bipolar.She paints fruit, too.But, you know, bright blue apples, hot pink bananas.Her paintings are raw.They're filled with energy.She's, she's driven to express herself.I didn't see any of that in that painting.And the kids on the beach? Well, schizophrenics are Well, they typically focus on the eyes.Would have been the children's eyes, the dog's.No, I think the Garcias probably bought those paintings at a garage sale.The Garcias charged Medicaid 200 bucks a week for Jeff's art therapy classes.Plus 50 bucks transportation.You feel like sticking around for their next field trip? They drove around for half an hour and then went back to Garcia House.Well, they let one of them out.He had to go to the bathroom, so they let him take a pee off the pier.Off the pier? That's compassion.Compassion has its rewards.At 50 bucks a head, the Garcias can charge Medicaid 800 bucks for transportation.If there is fraud and Dr.Roland found out Well, the Garcias could have had one of their counselors take care of him.If fraud there is.What do you call Jeff Richter's $500 pedicures? The art classes he doesn't remember attending? That's your star witness, Jeff Richter, the one-time m*rder suspect? You'd use him to impugn the characters of two advocates of the homeless who've earned the respect of the people of this city? We've seen their press clippings.Good.I won't go near a grand jury if your only evidence is the ramblings of a lone, deranged individual.How about the ramblings of 10 deranged individuals? What the hell did you get me into? You lumped me in with those quacks.I'm just saying, Doc, everybody's got to get their stories straight.My patients need to continue their treatment.Which brings me to my last point, your last state check should have come in.You need to settle up.How much do you want? What the hell are you doing? I can't take a personal check.A money order, Doc, same as always.I have a patient waiting.TOMPKINS SQUARE MONDAY, DECEMBER 9 You're Emily LeCroix.I saw your painting at the Garcia House, the kids on the beach with the dog.No, I didn't do that.Well, Mrs.Garcia said you painted that at your art therapy class.No.I don't like dogs at all.Do you take art therapy classes? Oh, yes.I went last Saturday.What do you do in these classes? We painted an office.You mean you painted a mural on a wall? Well, sure, we painted the walls.We painted them white.But Mr.Garcia said that's what his friend wanted, white walls.Is that what they have you do in these classes, paint walls? And ceilings.It's very therapeutic.Thanks, Emily.Let's hear what the others have to say.This is Mr.Biagiotti.Tell them where they take you every week for drama therapy.Downtown to watch a show.Tell them what kind of show.You know, a TV show.Care to know how much the Garcias charge Medicaid for this drama therapy? I can only guess.Mr.Biagiotti told me the Garcias had him change his social security number.You'll have warrants by the end of the day.I don't care what this says.You can't come in like this.Our residents / That's why we brought the Department of Health with us.- Is Mrs.Garcia upstairs? - What do you want with my wife? We have an arrest warrant for her.We have one for you, too.What is this? Mrs.Garcia, you're under arrest.Put your hands behind your back.Why are you doing this to me? I am Lupe Garcia.This is an injustice.If I wasn't seeing this with my own eyes Well, human misery pays well.Mr.And Mrs.Garcia did not go out last Thursday night.That's for a fact.You're very sure of this fact.Mr.Garcia was in this office from 8:10 to 10:27.Lupe went upstairs at 9:14.What about Derek and the other counselors? Derek Ortiz, certified in special needs care, punched out at 10:15.Something wrong with your eyes, Reggie? I had a recent intraocular scraping.Cataracts? Yes.You take Geodon? Mmm-hmm.By prescription only.For my schizophrenia.Okay, Reggie, thanks.Okay.Well, that makes 15.Fifteen residents with eye problems.Jeff Richter, Mr.Biagiotti from the park, Reggie All of them schizophrenics.I've just been upstairs.Tell me I was imagining things.The faucets really are gold plated.It's disillusioning, to say the least.On the bright side, everybody on staff is accounted for the night Dr.Roland was k*lled.The Garcias might be thieves but they aren't murderers.The doctors the Garcias used in their scheme, they switched them up every six months or so, except for the eye doctors.They've used the same one for the last three years.A Dr.Thomas Dysart.Maybe he was actually treating these people.Well, they don't seem better off for it.When Dr.Roland hacked into Jeff Richter's Medicaid files, did we find out how far he got? OFFICE OF DR.THOMAS DYSART TUESDAY, DECEMBER 10 Jeff Richter? Yes, he is a patient.But I'd have to look up his file.We have his Medicaid file right here.This $3,500 charge last September, what's this code mean? That's for cataract surgery.Cataract surgery? Isn't that the same code as this procedure here, back in June? Two cataract surgeries in one year? One for each eye.I told her you'd have a logical explanation for that.Now, are you a fan, or are these up here to convince your patients they have eye problems? I put them up to invite ridiculous questions.Now, I have a patient in five minutes.There's a charge here for another surgery in March.Which eye was that for, Doctor? That's for a pre-op exam.You people don't know how lucky you are not having to deal with Medicaid.They assign a set fee for a procedure which has nothing to do with the actual cost.You're saying you overcharge Medicaid? No.My billing service sends them an invoice with all the bells and whistles.They lowball me.We negotiate.And I eventually get paid a fair price.I told her there was a logical explanation for that, too.And that's the reason why there are multiple surgery charges for your patients at Garcia House.Garcia House? Yes.The homeless are particularly susceptible to eye problems because of diet, hygiene, drug use But I really don't have to justify my work to you.Well, you just did.You know, speaking for myself, I'm satisfied.That's an $8,000 piece of equipment Detective.Don't play with it.I've always wondered what this was.It's a transilluminator, to check pupillary reflex.Was Dr.Roland satisfied with your explanation? Roland? Never heard of him.Jeff Richter was his brother-in-law.Dr.Roland was looking for him.Roland tried to hack into Jeff's medical files.He managed to download the charges for the eye treatments before he got booted off.Sorry.Never talked to him.What goes in there? Nothing.We bought this at a medical supply store.It's called a glare tester.That's what was missing from Dysart's office.It gives off a bright light to test the retina's response.And Dysart used this to blind Dr.Roland? That's why Roland couldn't defend himself.Now, this jogger confused this bright light with dry lightning.And Dysart probably damaged his in the att*ck, so he had to get rid of it.That's the "how." I don't quite see the "why." Even if Dr.Roland discovered he was defrauding Medicaid By performing cataract surgeries.Isn't that as*ault? First degree, no less, being in furtherance of a felony Dysart knew he was facing serious prison time.What actual evidence do you have to tie him to the m*rder? He lives alone, no one saw him coming or going.We could canvass the park again.In the meantime, we'll build an as*ault and fraud case, have our own doctors examine his patients, and talk to his billing service.Tom, I'm your malpractice attorney.This is beyond my field of I hate when you equivocate, Norman.You will most certainly be charged as an accomplice to the Garcias.But it gets worse, since you performed surgery on these people.I'm not guilty, Norman.Of course not.But you're open to as*ault charges, unless you can demonstrate that the procedures are medically legitimate.They are! The patients are undergoing a legitimate course of treatment./ Results.You have to prove it with results.Beneficial results.You mean, someone who's completed the treatment.Yes.A success story.Can you do that? Dr.Dysart sent us the worksheets with the procedures checked off.I had no way of telling if he actually performed those procedures.She's not trained to do medical oversight.She's just a bookkeeper.Dysart gave us a cock and bull story about Medicaid lowballing his fees.No, he's right.When I took over his billing, I noticed he was being shortchanged on his fees.It was your idea to inflate the charges to Medicaid? It's standard practice to negotiate for every nickel.Dr.Dysart must have been thrilled you came up with this idea.I don't think he cared.Getting paid wasn't a priority.He was always late getting his worksheets to me.He was probably too busy moving patients in and out of his office.I'd be surprised if he saw more than My other eye doctors, they see that many patients in an hour.You gotta hear this.Dr.Emerson was just giving us his report on Dysart's Garcia House patients.Go ahead, Doctor.I examined the 15 residents Dysart operated on.These individuals were subjected to repeated and needless retinal, corneal, and cataract surgeries for a period of over two years.Some had as many as 18 procedures during that time.With what results? Five have permanently detached retinas, others have diminished vision, oversensitivity to light, night blindness.They all have surgical scars on top of surgical scars.They got laser cuts going nowhere.Dysart said these people had unique eye problems because they'd been homeless.I don't care if these people were living on Mars.In my experience, there is no medical justification for this this butchery.You made your point, Doctor.Thank you.Where are we on the m*rder? We canvassed the park, we showed his photo around, we fanned on every pitch.But we still have him on fraud and for assaulting these poor bastards.He could simply claim incompetence and hide behind his malpractice insurance.We need proof he intended to defraud.You're talking about making a deal with the Garcias.Not a generous deal, but a deal.If it gets us Dysart.Greedy son of a bitch.It's worse than that.I don't think he did it for money.These are the doctors' statements about the kickbacks to the Garcias.This is from a livery service whose offices were painted by the residents of the Garcia House under the guides of art therapy.And this is from the staff about field trips to parking lots.You have your statements, we have ours.From mental health advocates, civic leaders, all testifying to the fact that hundreds of mentally disabled persons have been helped by the Garcias.There are words and then there are pictures.This is the work of your ophthalmologist, Dr.Dysart.You see this? You see that? That's Emily LeCroix's left eye, post-op.That scar tissue is from three operations in less than six months.Thanks to Dr.Dysart, she's legally blind in that eye.This is Jeff Richter's eye.Dysart didn't wait for his scars to heal from one operation before operating on him again.So now he needs corneal transplants.Dios.We didn't know that he was doing this.Mrs.Garcia, wait.- What do you want from my clients? - Dysart.You help us prosecute him, I'll consider a plea.First, I hear what they have to say.He was just supposed to examine them.I told him not to hurt them.Where'd you find Dysart? He came to me at a mental health benefit.He'd heard about our work with schizophrenics and offered his services.He specifically mentioned schizophrenics? Yeah.He asked me how many diagnosed schizophrenics were living at the house.Did he say why he was interested? No.He just wanted to work with us, any way he could.If you want their testimony against Dysart, you'll reduce the charges to misdemeanor larceny, they'll pay a fine, they'll retain their license to operate Garcia House.I can't accept their terms.Dysart's a sadist with a medical license.Looks to me he's the greater of two evils.I want to put them all behind bars.That means making a case against Dysart without the Garcias' help.Everything his bookkeeper tells us demonstrates Dysart's indifferent to money.He's in it for the joy of healing? I'm not sure.He targets schizophrenics.Because they're easy prey.So is any mentally ill person.But schizophrenics, more than any other group, are more prone to visual hallucinations.You're not suggesting that this was an experiment? You eliminate greed and sadism, what's left? Experimental surgery without informed consent, without supervision, That's good for a trip up the river.Get me the evidence.Well, you don't do research without a theory to back it up.He might've published a paper in a medical journal or talked it up with a colleague.OFFICE OF DR.ROYCE PETERSON NYU CANCER CENTER THURSDAY, DECEMBER 12 I haven't spoken to Tom since Columbia, I wouldn't know about his research.You might try someone who's more current.We couldn't find anybody.We only came to you because he used you as a reference when he applied to the Ophthalmological Association.Ophthalmology? You sure? That wasn't his specialty when you knew him? No.It was oncology, same as me.- He lose interest? - I have no idea.We had one year left.I spent the summer in Boston.When I came back, he was gone.They said he took a sabbatical.What did he say? I never talked to him.I didn't even know where he was.Then, a year later, he got in touch with me.Let me guess.He was in Amsterdam.This is from the Van Gogh Museum.It's on the back.He sent me that as a graduation gift.Never heard from him again.And he never expressed an interest in ophthalmology? / No.Maybe when he was smoking that legal weed in Amsterdam, he figured out eye doctors have a better chance of getting laid than oncologists.I don't think he was in Amsterdam for the weed.Look up for me, please.Good.Now look to the left.Okay.Dr.Dysart, I'm not sure I understood you on the phone.Marilyn's going into the next phase of her treatment.It's all covered by her Medicaid.Are you still on Zyprexa, Marilyn? My eyes are okay, Dr.Dysart.It's been two years since she's had any blurriness.It's a multiphase treatment.If we stop now, she'll never get better.I assume you want Marilyn to get better, don't you? Columbia just faxed Dysart's records.When he came back from his year off, he doubled his workload to complete his requirements for ophthalmology.Finished in the top percentile.He spent most of his sabbatical in Amsterdam.He gave Columbia an address at a hotel there.On Paulus Potterstraat.That's the same street as the Van Gogh Museum.Maybe Dysart was thinking of becoming a reconstructive surgeon.The story is, Van Gogh gave his ear to a prost*tute as, you know, a token of love.But who knows, what he was, you know, really thinking.All right, Marilyn, you've been through this before.I'm going to lower the chair.Is my mother still here? She's just outside.This is a local anesthetic.You've had this before.Nothing to be worried about.Put the needle down, Doctor.What? Get out of here.I'm with a patient! You're under arrest, Dr.Dysart.What the hell do you think you're doing? I'd ask you the same thing, but the answer would probably make my hair stand on end.It's unheard of.Arresting a doctor in the middle of a surgery? Or as we call it, during the commission of a crime.Every procedure he performs is guided by sound medical practice.Well, maybe he can explain which sound medical practice guided him during these procedures.This laser incision here, our experts couldn't figure out what it was for.- Was it a mistake, a slip - I don't make My client hardly has to explain himself to a couple of laymen.Either two laymen now or 12 later.Our experts were also mystified by the multiple operations to Miss LeCroix's left eye, while it seems you hardly touched her right.Did Medicaid only cover the left? There is no medical explanation, is there? His practice is exactly what it looks like, a state-funded eyeball chop shop.He's not going to respond.If you're just going to engage in character assassination There's no character there.There's just this greedy, grasping charnel house butcher who's targeted schizophrenics because nobody would believe them if they complained.Nobody would believe that a doctor would deliberately mutilate their eyes to make a buck.That is not true.I am not a butcher.I was treating them.This cut was made to relax the upper zonules.Tom / And this.Her presbyopia required me to scrape the lens before a cortical cataract formed.You're losing me.You have to show us.Show us how you helped these people.The eye through the eye.The brain interprets what the eye captures.But these people, Doctor, these schizophrenics Schizophrenia, specifically the visual hallucinations, occur when the sensory intake, the information is corrupted.Corrupted.You mean, by the eye? No.By the lens, here.Corrupt information hits the posterior subcapsular cataract - back here, which blocks - The optic nerve.Yes, which leads to the brain.What I do is remove the tainted part of the lens by performing an extracapsular cataract extraction to clean the lens.So, a clean lens lets more light into the optic nerve? Yes.More light stimulates the retina which clears up the hallucinations.You've actually succeeded? Not yet.I was in the final phase of treatment on Marilyn Reese when you interrupted me.All right, so, you get rid of the hallucinations and you get rid of the schizophrenia.Is that the idea? Yes.The patient is free of the disease.Only sick people take pills.If I stop taking my pills, I won't be sick anymore.Well, this is Well, it's revolutionary.When did you discover this treatment? My last year at Columbia.Right after your sabbatical.Which is when you switched specialties.Yes.How did you know Well, I have an interest in your career.Why did you take the sabbatical? I was exhausted.I needed to clear my head, reorder my priorities.So you went to Amsterdam.Is that where you developed an interest in Van Gogh? I'd always been attracted to his work.But it was in Amsterdam where his work, well, acquired a special meaning for you.I mean, as it does many people whose lives are touched with schizophrenia, which means split mind, which is really misleading because the mind isn't split, it's just out of its owner's control That isn't accurate either.It's simply responding to corrupted stimuli.Real physical abnormalities in the sensory organs./ Yes.You talking about this? Most people think he cut it off for love.But some people say he cut it off to stop the auditory hallucinations from driving him crazy.Isn't that where you got the idea? That the disease isn't in the brain, it's in the eyes, the ears, the fingertips.But the brain is Your brain is healthy.It's inconceivable that this instrument that took you to the top of your class at Columbia could ever betray you.It's intolerable.How old were you, Doctor? - My mother was 32 - There's nothing wrong with me.No.Nothing wrong.Yes, you have schizophrenia.That's That's of no consequence.My methods are sound.You had a crisis.You kept it a secret while you applied your wounded intellect to the problem.And this is what you came up with.And this.No! No! No! I am fully in control of myself.What you're afraid of, right, people are going to find out, pump you full of dr*gs, - institutionalize you.- There'd be no need.You must have been terrified when Roland showed up at your office.Terrified that this psychiatrist would see through your professional demeanor.He was there under false pretenses.He was conspiring to put you out of business./ They don't understand.Your cure can make people with your condition masters of their own fate.Yes.No more dr*gs, no more stigma.Yes.No more fear and shame.No, you had to save yourself.You had to stop Roland.Yes.You had to k*ll him.Yes.Oh, no.Now, I have to get back to my work.Yeah.I need to get back to my work.Please let me get back to my work.We agreed to a plea of not guilty by reason of mental disease.Dr. Dysart agreed to be institutionalized until our experts decide he's no longer a danger to society.He must be insane.He's the only one who wasn't in it for the money.- Where's Detective Goren? - On the phone.Don't ask.
02x14 - ProbabilityQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:22In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.I quit years ago.Watching my old man die of lung cancer cured me.I'll see what shows up on the blood tests.Thank you, Mr.Gergis.I did okay, huh? Sure.You remember, you call me every couple of weeks.You let me know how you're doing.Not here.Wait till you get outside.Tell Elaine it's for her.Leo, where did you get this? I earned it from medical research.They took my blood.Hey, they paid me $1000.Ben, I got my ring out of hock.Hey, tell Elaine all I want is a chance, huh? I gotta tap a kidney.You wait for me? What are you doing here? I wanted to see you, Ricky.I don't have your number.It's a nice cologne, Dad.Look, if you're looking for money No, no, Ricky, no.Here.It's not much.I'm gonna make things up to you.Okay, look, catch up with your friends, treat them to a slice, and get yourself a CD or something.Another chance with $300? Do you know that he showed up at Rick's campus today? What happens if he decides to visit Emmy at her school? He's my brother.I'll tell him to back off.You tell him that if he comes near the kids again, I'm gonna have him thrown in jail.What should I do? I wanna come home, Ben.I wanna take care of her.Well, you got nothing to offer, Leo.Why don't you hit up those researchers? Well, if they can afford one grand, they can afford 10, it's I'll see you around, Leo.Oh, hi.I thought I got the address wrong.Sorry I had to bother you.Hey, well, that makes two of us, buddy.Law & Order CI Morning shift found him crushed in here.He tried to slip through and then the gate opened.Well, didn't anyone hear him scream? The gate's pretty loud.Hey, one of you guys got the time? They heard you just fine.Maybe, they didn't hear him scream because he didn't scream, 'cause he was already dead.Latent ID'd him as Leo Gergis, 48.He has a record of panhandling and vagrancy.There's a preliminary finding of accidental death.The gate caught him on the right side of the head, but most of the trauma is on the left.Look at this.St.Victor's.The homeless shelter in Brooklyn.It's a long way from Hunts Point.He was married.There's There's no tan line on his finger.Maybe he just started wearing it.The gold is tarnished.There's a thin line across the band.Someone tied a string around it.Maybe a pawnbroker's tag.Somehow he had the money to get it out of hock.You know, when you live in a shelter, you learn not to hide things in your socks, your pockets, your pants.You know, I've always wanted a jacket like that.Well, maybe we can find out where Leo got his.How did it happen? We're not sure.Had you seen him recently? No, no, well, not since he crashed my son's high school graduation.When they found him, he was wearing this.Do you recognize it? Yeah.He was wearing this? Did he have any reason to think you were getting back together? No, I didn't give him any.How about you, Mr.Gergis? Did your brother say anything to you? Well, a couple of weeks ago, he gave me $300 for Elaine, and he gave my nephew $100.He thought he could buy his way back into the family.We found another $500 on him.You have any idea where he got that money? He said something about giving blood.Well, you don't make that kind of money selling blood.Well, then I don't know! He Maybe he had some scam going.He used to be marketing director for a cruise line.He He was no idiot.He couldn't take care of his family, but he damn well took care of his own needs.We hold their stuff for three months and then it goes to Goodwill.Here's Leo's stuff.Oh, sorry.Here.Oh, no, that's okay.I'm better without.Leo knew his mustard.These look like they're from a hotel.Well, he bought these.Tax stamps are still on them.Maybe he bought them for a friend.I mean, there was no nicotine on Leo's fingers or his teeth.He doesn't smoke.Leo's buddies, any of them smoke this brand? Filtered, yeah.There's Johnny, Johnny Dikins.I haven't seen him here in a month.He left his stuff behind.John Dikins, age 45.DOA a month ago.Finding of accidental death.Next time, call first.I'm supposed to be on my lunch break.You get a lunch break? All right, he fell through the floor of an abandoned building.Autopsy found blunt force trauma to the second and third vertebrae.Broken neck.Do it to you every time.Apparently, so does being homeless.Two deaths by blunt force trauma consistent with freak accident.Yeah, and two victims in their late 40s, both in good health.How many cases with this profile in the last 12 months, in all five boroughs, men and women? Here's another.Death from accidental overdose, pass.Death from exposure, pass.Here we go.Lisa Fitterman, female, Caucasian, slip and fall down the stairs at 59th Street station.Head injuries, 46-year-old vagrant.That's 14.Right.Yeah.Fourteen homeless people.Male, female, all Caucasian, all between the ages of 45 and 55.All in, you know, reasonably good health.All of them dead from injuries that include a massive blow to the head.Someone's k*lling the great bums of New York.There's a call on your direct line.He said it's about a client, someone named Leo.Jack Bernard.How can I help you? I'm not sure I can do that.I have associates.I'll talk to them.I No, you give me a number.I Just Hello? I'll be back in 10.Nothing's jumping out.The deaths were already factored into the Compstat mortality report.If there was a pattern, the computer would've picked it up.Well, maybe not.These deaths are scattered across precincts.Sometimes two weeks apart, sometimes two months.Different times, different days of the week.I don't see a motive here.If it's random, maybe it's because it is random.If these were random, the law of averages says there'd be coincidences with the times or the locations.The fact there are no coincidences means somebody's working very hard at not setting off alarm bells.Leo is your freshest trail.Start with him.In the works.We're tracking the lot numbers on the mustard jars in his knapsack.Sophia, these detectives wanna talk to you about the needle you found in Mr.Gergis' trash.It was very small, with a little rubber tube on it.Sounds like the kind used to take blood samples.Did you find anything else in the trash? There was these sticky square things and little strips of paper.Electrocardiogram.Leo had a physical.Now why would somebody get a physical in a hotel room? Now, we ran all 14 victims through the insurance Medical Information Bureau.They were all insured for a million bucks under "keyman" policies.The Atlantic Union Insurance Company, they thought that they were insuring the vice president of finances for Compagnie Fiduciaire Elysee of France.Trans-State Insurance thinks Johnny was the director of marketing for Compagnie lmmobiliere Concorde in Paris.Somebody passed them off as corporate honchos.Working for French companies that are the beneficiaries of the policies.Let me guess.The companies were bogus.Yeah, someone is recruiting these people, cleaning them up, and getting them a checkup.And then when the policy is enforced, they k*ll them to look like an accident.At a million bucks a pop, why didn't the insurers notice a trend? Well, the scheme was designed to avoid detection by using different underwriters and actuaries, submitting policies under brokers' names without their knowledge.Yeah, I wonder how many homeless are walking around with a price on their head.Find out while you can still do something about it.This perp must have left tracks.We don't know enough about insurance companies, so they're sending us an expert.You play the piano, Mr.Stevens? Your fingers I taught myself.Moving my fingers like this relaxes me.Your work makes you tense? It stimulates me, looking for fraud, looking for falsehoods.They always betray themselves.The man you're looking for got his training at Hartford State.You figured that out just by glancing at this material? So he learned something at Hartford State that he used to commit the crimes.Maybe he took classes in statistics.Colonial New England sponsors a course in actuarial studies at Hartford State.The instructor uses an idiosyncratic approach to probability analysis.Your man used that approach to manipulate the variables of each crime to avoid detection.These four, what's the common thread? Well, he's familiar with industrial insurance.These cases, Dikins and Sher, displayed proprietary knowledge specific to two insurers, Ohio Mutual and National Colonial.Our man worked for one of them.Or it's a coincidence.Well, no such thing.No.The more intricate the apparent pattern, the simpler the underlying reality.Chaos Theory.What else can you see? He did a stint with an international firm.Because he knew how to file incorporation papers for the phony French companies.Yes.This is really great.That completes his skill set.Other than that, I can't help you.Thank you, Mr.Stevens.I didn't know you had an older, geekier brother.How was your flight? Turbulent.Everything connected with this business is turbulent.It's dishwater.Will you tell me why you need this? We're not involved in each other's private business anymore.You made the rules, remember? This guy worked for Ohio Mutual from '88 to '93.Specialized in employee benefits.He interned at Lloyd's of London in the '70s.Now, that's two markers.That's it.Two out of five markers.Maybe there are no perfect matches.Maybe there are two people who together have the required skill set.Maybe I'm starting to sound like your little buddy.There is one marker that Wally Stevens forgot.That not only did our guy recruit homeless people, he had to find them again when it was time to k*ll them.Now, that wouldn't be easy unless you worked with the homeless.Insurance guys love to give each other awards, especially for their humanitarian work.Their trade association newsletter might have something about it.The Dominion Award for Civic Action.Looks like there are three people in the last 10 years who won for their work with the homeless.This guy looks old enough to be Wally's grandfather.But this guy, he looks in good shape.He might know his way around a blunt instrument.Jack Bernard.Now, he sounds familiar.He got the award five years ago, "For tireless efforts on behalf of the homeless." Back then, he worked for National Colonial.That's one of the companies Wally mentioned.That's two markers.Three.He grew up in Hartford, went to Hartford State.He's gonna wish he stayed.Mr.Bernard, it's the police.There's a light on around back.Gas.There's somebody on the floor in there.He's dead.According to his passport, he hasn't been out of the country in three years.I don't see how he picked up those insurance checks in Paris.Yeah, this room doesn't fit.He's got this expensive furniture and then these cheap posters on the wall.I mean, look at this stereo.What's that worth? Maybe $150.And then this dining room set is worth about $10,000.Maybe he has a friend in the furniture business.Well, all this stuff is from Faubourg Saint-Louis showroom.Maybe his friend in the furniture business is French.I haven't worked for that furniture company in two years.Why are you bothering me with this ancient history? You were personnel director until they fired you.I was not fired.No, see, the company said they fired you two years ago for taking kickbacks from an insurance broker, Jack Bernard.All these ridiculous accusations.Have you ever heard of the Compagnie Fiduciaire Elysee? No, must be your pronunciation.Yeah, it must be, because the Interpol found your fingerprints on incorporation papers from that company.Your client and Mr.Bernard took their initial scam and kicked it up a couple notches.They insured homeless people as key executives of bogus French companies and then they k*lled them for the insurance money.My client denies any complicity in this scheme.But she may know of other victims that Mr.Bernard has insured and is planning on k*lling in the future.How many? Un? Deux? Trois? Deux.Well, we certainly don't want Mr.Bernard k*lling any more people.Let's hear her story.Off the record.I didn't know Jack was going to k*ll anyone, okay? He didn't explain it to me until after the first person d*ed, and then I was afraid.I had to go along.Yeah, I can imagine.It's true.He picked the victims.He decided when to k*ll them.And what, you just held his coat? I just set up the companies.I collected the checks, and I kept the policies in a deposit box.That's it.Fourteen million dollars.Fourteen million dollars! Where is it? Supposed to be in a bank in the Caymans, but Jack emptied all the accounts.He ripped me off.So why is it that you think he is the one who took the money? Of course he's the one.Last man he k*lled, he rushed me to go to Paris to pick up the insurance checks.- The million dollars for Leo Gergis? - That's right.Jack wanted an accountant's check straight away.He wouldn't tell me why.I should've known then he was going to betray me.The other names of the homeless.She didn't k*ll him.She doesn't even know he was dead.Not to mention, the missing 14 million.It's not anywhere Bernard had access to.What about mademoiselle? Same story.We had her safe deposit box opened.It was just insurance policies.So there's a third musketeer, who k*lled Bernard and took the money.What sunny part of the world do you wanna start looking for him? Look who's here.The insurance companies sent him to help us recoup their money.- Hello, Mr.Stevens.- You arrested someone.- That's right.- Did you find the money? - Not yet.- Haven't they told you where it is? Apparently, they don't know.Well, how is that possible? - We'll find out.- How are you going to find out? My partner would love to explain it to you.I've got work to do.Mr.Stevens, why don't we just go in here.Right in there.I offended her.Well, she was uncomfortable.She thought that you were staring at her.I gave her too much eye contact.I try to watch myself, but sometimes I forget.Well, you were preoccupied with the money.My employers are very concerned about the money.Well, there's no trace of it.The man who engineered the plan and did the killings is dead.We arrested his girlfriend.Well, she probably has the money.Women like money.So do men.That's because women like men with money.This is everything we have on the case.They were planning on k*lling two more people, 16 total.I haven't figured out the pattern yet.Just because things are in physical or temporal proximity doesn't mean they're connected.What, now you're saying that there are coincidences? No.A coincidence is two unrelated events that appear alike, happening at the same time.Two brothers dying in two car accidents on the same day.Yes, but if you look at those two events carefully, there are more differences between them than there are similarities.They're not really alike.Excuse me.If I look at someone when I talk to them for more than two thirds of the time, I seem aggressive.But if I look at them for less than one third of the time, I seem dishonest.I'm still practicing this.You two looked like you were having so much fun.Oh, he's an interesting man.These are the insurance policies from the French girl's safe deposit box.Leo Gergis' policy had a letter attached.It's from the insurance company."The medical exam revealed the presence of a heart murmur."Mr.Gergis contacted us by phone "and informed us he had a congenital heart condition."As a result, we attached a rider to the policy to cover this preexisting condition." Gergis called them by phone, out of the blue? This homeless guy? Doesn't make sense.Or someone else pretending to be Gergis.Jack Bernard, or the guy who k*lled him? Well, I mean, Jack wouldn't know his full medical history.But you know who would? Did you know your brother had a heart condition? Yes.He was born with it.What does that have to do with anything? Did you ever talk to an insurance company about it? About his heart condition? No.Why? What happened? Someone took out insurance on your ex-husband, a million dollars' worth, and then they k*lled him.You see, it was an opportunity that they couldn't resist.But his death wasn't a total waste, was it, Mr.Gergis? Of course it was.His death, his life, it was just a waste.His kids wouldn't agree.Thanks to the insurance, they both have a college fund.Oh, your brother-in-law didn't tell you? He set up a trust fund for a million dollars in their names.It didn't take a lot of detective work to figure that out.Ben, what are they saying? You took insurance out on Leo? No.No, but he found out who did.And after Leo was k*lled, he blackmailed them into giving him the money.How did you figure it out, Mr.Gergis? You got ahold of the guys who did the medical exam? Is that how you found Jack Bernard? I never thought they would k*ll him.I thought they had some other kind of scam going.But once Leo was dead, you thought you'd do something for your family.He never took responsibility.When did Jack give you the money? Friday, a week ago.Was he alone? Yes.He seemed pretty jumpy.He kept asking me who I had talked to about Leo.Meaning the police? No.He wanted to know about other people.Other people? Other people connected to the scheme? What, he didn't want them to find out about Leo? That's the impression I got.That he was trying to pull a fast one on them.The girl already knew about Leo.Jack had another partner.That's who he was worried about.Leo wasn't part of the original plan.The plan wasn't to k*ll 16 people.It was to k*ll 15.- Leo was Jack's pet project.- Jack got greedy.And Jack got himself k*lled.Progress? Looking for the third musketeer.Leo Gergis, he skews the whole design.Look, he was the only one that was k*lled within a month of the policies being issued.And he was the only one that was found dead in an industrial zone.You take him out and Well, patterns become clear.The days that the bodies were found, Monday, Wednesday, Friday.Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday.Wednesday, Friday, Sunday.And the blocks that the bodies were left on.The 500 block, the 400 block, the 600, the 300, the 700 block.Minus one, plus two, minus three, plus four.Dozens of small patterns.I'm finding dozens of small patterns.Jack Bernard thought of this? No.The one time that he tried to set up a k*ll on his own, he botched it and Jack doesn't have the skill set to do this.Maybe his computer did.I'd hate to see what the assistant chief adjuster's office looks like.This is how Wally likes it.It's out of the way, huh? That's right.Wally's not much of a people person, but set him loose on a claim He has kids.Hope springs eternal.- You notice the windows? - Mmm-hmm, different windows.Different houses.And that shadow there, that one was taken from a car.Did Wally move recently? I don't think so.He's still with his wife and kids? If he wasn't, I think he would've mentioned something.Our hunch was right.Wally's divorced, as of two years ago.His wife remarried six months later.Remarried well, judging by the house in the photo.She's a paralegal.She married one of the partners at her firm.She got a restraining order against Wally.He was showing up at her house every week with flowers, asking when she was coming home.Mr.Stevens was humiliated.No wonder he didn't tell his coworkers.It wouldn't have occurred to him to tell them.Has it occurred to you, you're looking for something that's not there? "Symptoms include the need to create and duplicate patterns."Impairment of nonverbal behavior, such as eye-to-eye gaze."Inflexible adherence to routines, "often coupled with high intelligence "and a tendency to become preoccupied with a particular subject." What are you describing? Asperger's syndrome.It's a high functioning form of autism.It's why Wally Stevens can't empathize.It's why he can't connect.It's why this pattern is in there.Time and space.These are the first five people who were insured in sequence.There, this is the pattern.And the same pattern for the next five.And the next five.That leaves one pattern unfinished.It's very visual.Juries like visuals.I wish we could show them the missing millions in Mr.Stevens' possession or anything, for that matter, beyond these abstractions.Does Weehawken sound abstract to you? Hey.Sorry to barge in on you so late.Something came up.We wanted to run it by you.Have you had dinner yet? I was going to heat something up.Hope you like Chinese food.Yes.Yes, I do.We'll need plates.We would've come by earlier, but my partner had to look at houses.Yeah, I'm gonna buy.I like this place.Looks like you got a lot of rooms.Aren't you gonna ask me where I'm looking? - Where are you looking? - Whitestone.It's where my parents grew up.My partner's very sentimental.Well, it's what I can afford.What made you pick this house? I don't know.My wife picked it.I noticed that there's a grocery store around the corner.Yes, it's very convenient.That's what I need, you know, a deli.Something like that.Yeah, just in walking distance.I like the one you looked at today.Off Francis Louis Boulevard.It's near Beachhurst.I'm not sure if I saw any delis around there though.There's a deli on 154th Street.Hey, can I write that down? Could you show me where? Sorry.One egg roll or two? One.Please.Thank you.Bach-ing it tonight, huh? Wife out with the kids? Yes, they're out.You know what, you should You should ask him.I bet he knows.My brother moved into a new house two months ago, and I'm sure I'm gonna get lost getting there.- It's off 495, Exit 2.- Weehawken.Yes, Palisade Avenue.He says I take a right turn and go under a bridge and The bridge is to the left.Palisade Avenue is three miles to the left.Oh, I better mark this down before I forget.I have no sense of direction.Do you mind? Well, I wonder where that wife of yours is, huh? It's getting late.She's out.- She's not out.She's gone.- She'll be back.Sure, soon as she divorces that rich lawyer she married.But that's not gonna happen, 'cause women like money.Isn't that what you said? "Women like men with money." And you don't have any money.No.No, I don't.Not even, let's say, 15 million dollars? I don't have 15 million dollars.How about 13 million? I don't have 15 million dollars.I don't have that money.Yes, you do.Because it's the only way you know how to get your wife back.Because you could never offer her what she really wanted, offer her a real relationship.No.I'm a good husband.I'm loyal.I pay the bills.Obviously it wasn't enough, so you hooked up with Jack Bernard.I'm a good husband.I did not k*ll anybody.He had the inside track on the homeless, the French girlfriend.And all you had was sheer analytical genius.I didn't k*ll anybody.Not me.Yes, you did, Wally.You left your mark all over the scheme.The piece of music that you play, over and over.Five bars, each with five notes.You like the number five.Five toes, five fingers, five photos.And the pattern that you make with them.And these dishes But you're not aware of it.But can you see it now? No matter how hard you strive for chaos, it always comes out like this.I didn't k*ll anybody.You can't connect me to this.I'm not a k*ller.You can't connect me.You connected yourself.You're very thorough.You scouted each place where you would dump the bodies.That's why you know Whitestone so well.And Weehawken.They're where you planned to dump the other two victims you never got around to k*lling.Don't you remember? You told us when you met us."They always betray themselves." Why would I do that? Why would I keep making this pattern? I wouldn't do that.Because you can't help yourself.Because you don't know.I wouldn't do that.Look, I I photocopied this for you.They only started diagnosing Asperger's in 1994.You would have been too old by then.It's why you make patterns.It's why you're not very good with people and your wife left you.Oh.Oh.It's me.That's me.Why didn't somebody tell me? Why Why didn't they Why didn't they tell me? Nothing is the same since, since they left.Nothing is the same since they left.I want everything to be the same.I want everything to be the same.The house is so empty.This house is so empty.Nothing's the same.Nothing's the same.As soon as his lawyer gets here, he wants to make a full statement.To think his murders almost went undetected.Well, his murders did.It was Jack Bernard's that didn't.Criminal mastermind.They don't make them like they used to.I'm sure he'd like a pen pal.
02x15 - MonsterQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:23The following story is fictional and does not depict any actual person or event.In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories."You got into fights, you spent four years in solitary." "What do you have to say for yourself, Mr.Dietrich?" So I said, "Well, what can I say, Warden? "I just like to have a good time." Yes, another milestone.Eight hours as a free man.Mark.I'm Chantal.Can you sign something for me? I saved it all these years.You looked so hot.Naomi, give me a pen.So, is this really the bar where you and Mandy hooked up that night? Baby, it was 15 years ago.It was called something else back then.Hey, Penny, take a picture of me and Mark.Oh, wait, wait, wait.Here, look."I'm Mandy.Don't choke me so hard, Mark." Mark? I brought you coffee.Miss? Oh! One thing I learned in prison, Mom, is not to k*ll the girls I have sex with.I want you to feel good, Mark, good and powerful.- Is this how you want me? - Yeah.Yeah.I've been watching you running around the reservoir, watching your butt in those little silver running shorts.running around the reservoir, watching your butt in those little silver running shorts.All you're gonna do is watch? Shut up.Shut up.I'm gonna fill your mouth with sand, so you start choking.Get all tight.I'm going out now.What's the matter, Mom? I know you've been watching me.What is it? You're a malignant narcissist.What did you say? Never mind.Have a nice night.And try not to hurt anyone.I don't remember, all right.It was 15 years ago.Come on.I just want to see where you k*lled Mandy.I'm gonna k*ll you if you don't knock it off! Where's your coke? Just show me.Okay, like, you hooked up with her at the bar that night.She was wearing a little black dress, like this.- I'm sick of this crap! - Mark, wait up.Wait up.Hey, Mark! Mark, wait up! Mom, where'd you hide the coffee? Mom.Mom.No.No, no, no, no! No, no, no, no! No.Law & Order CI A co-worker found her.No forcible entry.She lived alone till Dietrich moved in a month ago."My son, the Yuppie k*ller." He's why we're here.Anybody seen him? Not since yesterday.The neighbors heard them arguing on and off though.Life with a psychopath.I'll talk to the co-worker when she's ready.Well, the k*ller caught her behind the ear.She She crawled to here.TheThe back of her nightgown is, is Is bunched up, but the front has been pulled down to cover her.Someone was worried about her modesty? The girl Dietrich k*lled in the park didn't rate that kind of consideration.That lady's ready.I talked to Laura last night, just to make sure that she wanted a ride to work.We're fact-checkers for a publisher in Long Island City.Was she expecting company last night? No, Laura didn't socialize much.Especially since her son came home.How was that going, between her and Mark? Well, she was hoping for the best, you know, but they argued.And then she just stopped talking about him altogether.Mrs.Dietrich's cell phone is missing.Has anyone been reading this paper? No, it was out in the hallway.I brought it in.I'm gonna need this bagged, exactly as is.We Let's go for a ride.I I'm gonna need a Polaroid of this, please.You all set? Mark, how you doing? I'm sorry I had to deliver the bad news over the phone.Yeah, you figured out my mom lent me her phone, huh? Uh-huh.We wake you up? My girlfriend and I were just waking up, so Where are we going? You know, Mark, Detective Eames thought that you were good for this.I thought you went on the lam.Except you left your Xanax behind and your mom's money.It was on her dresser.Are you ready? You found her like this? Yes.See.Why? I just I mean, can we cover her up? She wouldn't want to be seen like this.She was a very modest woman.We need to go downtown, so you can sign some papers.I meant to ask you.Did your mother have any enemies? She got some phone calls, a few years back, from the brother of the girl.Mandy Johanssen, the girl you strangled in the park.By mistake.I wrote a letter to that family, telling them how sorry I was.But you can never be too sorry for some people.Last night, where were you again? With my girlfriend, Chantal Fielding.Does she know about you? She knows it was a long time ago.Gena will help you fill out the forms.Oh, uh All those? It's what you have to do when a member of your family gets m*rder*d.You tracked mud in with your shoes.Yeah, sorry.It's horse manure.APARTMENT OF CHANTAL FIELDING MONDAY, JANUARY 15 Mark was really upset when he heard about his mom.I felt so sorry for him.I felt sorry for his mom.Did you ever meet her? No.I only met Mark a couple of weeks ago.I'm sorry, I dropped something.So, what did you and Mark do last night? We went out to dinner, and then came back here.Fell asleep watching TV.Gee, you two sound just like my parents.That's probably why Mark appreciates it, 'cause it's so, you know, ordinary.Especially with a guy like Mark.You know, he's a magnet for extreme attention.Absolutely.You should've seen the skank he was with when I met him.Yeah, I know the type.m*rder groupies.Mark said she started writing him in prison.These women, they like to visit m*rder scenes.It gets them hot.You never were tempted to, you know, ask Mark? / No.Because, you know, it's not that far away.It's just on the bridle path where they walk the horses.In fact, it's where they found the girl Mandy.She had a smell of horse manure.Like this, you know? Like the mud on your boots.Like the mud on Mark's shoes.How was it, Chantal? Did you ask Mark to call you Mandy while he wrapped a scarf around your neck? That is so sick.You know, Mark, he told us that there's three varieties of m*rder groupies, victims, psychos, shrinks.He said with you, he's got three mints in one.Oh, that loser! All right.You wanna know what he did? We went into the park, and then he freaked out.I had to walk home by myself.And what got him upset? I don't know.He was whining all night about his mother being mad at him.What time did he show up here? I don't know, about 6:30 in the morning.He curled up like a little baby and went to sleep.Look, if I k*lled my mother, - I'd be in South America by now.- I just wanted you to know that your attempt - You said yourself, I didn't run away.- to deceive us didn't go unnoticed.You forgot one thing, the morning paper.- Look, my mom has it delivered.- The first officer to arrive on the scene found it outside.Where you put it, when you brought it in, when you came back from the park./ No.You read the sports section, you k*lled your mom.You slipped the sports section back into the newspaper./ No! Put it back outside, only, you put it back in the wrong section.- At this point, Mark's invoking his rights.- No, no, no.- Look, I wanna tell them what happened.- No, no, no, Mark.I just wanna get it over with.I got home, I was drunk, and I blacked out, okay? I came to.I went looking for my mom and I found her.And she was already dead.I got scared.And you're saying that there's this huge chunk of time that you have no memory of.I'm saying that I passed out in the living room.I I did not k*ll my mother.Your mother told her friends you fought.Yeah, well, when I first got out, yeah.All that lecturing and moralizing.- But not lately.- So that was the problem.- No, we were barely speaking.- That's the problem, right there.- She'd given up on you.- Yeah, right, so what do I care? She called me a malignant narcissist.That was the last thing she said to me.She was the only one I had left out here.Why would I want to k*ll her? I mean, why would I want to do that to myself? When someone is k*lled by receiving a blow to the head, it sends up a fine spray of blood that's unrecognizable to the To the human eye.Once the lab gets done with their microscopic inspection of your clothes, we'll have you cooked six ways to Sunday.She was my mother.There was no way I k*lled her.Why did you stop? Look, when you tell a suspect that there's incriminating evidence on the way, they They get quiet.They They start to try to remember what they missed.You know, they don't keep claiming their innocence.Or he really doesn't remember k*lling her.Mark's mother, she called him a malignant narcissist.That's a clinical term that psychiatrists use amongst themselves.She has no background in psychology.She stopped talking to him.She withdrew.There's something going on with her.Mark Dietrich should've gotten life for choking that girl.He caught a break, but not this time.Just get the evidence and bury him.The only change that I can think of is, we stopped riding home together three weeks ago.I thought she was taking a class.She was always home by 9:30.She made notes."Remorseless charming, predatory." Anybody we know? "Shallow emotional affect, "rehabilitation is rare." You know, I Look, what, was she fact-checking a psychiatric text? No.We only check statistical data.Rolls of nickels.Do you have any vending machines that only take nickels? No.What costs a nickel these days? Microfilm machines.They use them in the library to copy newspapers.These are the books that she checked out of the psychology section."Nurture-Born K*llers, "Patterns of the Sexual Predator." Maybe she liked seeing Mark's name in print.No, that's the thing.Mark's name wouldn't be in here.These books are about chronic sexual offenders.Mark's strangling of Mandy Johanssen, it was called a one-time incident, completely out of character for Mark.What'd you find? A clerk said Mrs.Dietrich checked out newspapers from the summer of ' Besides Mandy's m*rder in September, there was another Central Park story that ran that whole year.The Reservoir Runner.Two months earlier in July, she was dragged into the woods and r*ped by four kids.Maybe Mrs.Dietrich thought Mark had something in common with them.Something that made her withdraw from him.Something that compelled her to do research three weeks ago.Something she saw or heard.Well, three weeks ago, that's before he started seeing Chantal.She said he was with his prison pen pal.The word she used was skank.What happened with Mark? You corresponded with him for what? Seven years.Did he open up to you? About Mandy? It was an accident.Mark needs to feel powerful, but he doesn't need to k*ll.If only his mother had given him that kind of understanding.I read about what happened to her.She wasn't good for him.You met her? I didn't need to.I saw her apartment.Lots of beiges, neutral tones.It's stifling.When were you in her apartment? Like three weeks ago.Well, that is interesting, 'cause that's when Mark said that his mother turned cold on him.But he couldn't figure out why.I can.I left my camera in his room.She must've seen the video.A video of you healing Mark's wounds? I helped him give a voice to his sexual fantasies.Like what? About choking.with a scarf, like Mandy? He had a whole scenario about silver running shorts and filling my mouth with sand.Once you get to know him, Mark's a very creative soul.Thanks, Naomi.We'll be in touch.The Reservoir Runner was described as wearing silver running shorts, but there was nothing in any of the articles about sand.Laura Dietrich heard her son's fantasies about a runner in the park.She goes to the library and she confirms some of the details.And she's a fact-checker.Her next move would have been to the source.The detectives who broke the case.TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6 Mark Dietrich's mother? No kidding.Never made the connection.She said she was checking facts for an article on the case.Which facts in particular? What the victim was wearing, was she choked? Did she ask about sand? She asked if the attacker put sand in the victim's mouth.But that wasn't made public, right? Well, not at the time, no.Does this have to do with the m*rder? Laura Dietrich might've suspected her son committed the r*pe.It may be why he k*lled her.That would be tragic because he did not do that r*pe.My partner and I got those guys.There was semen found on the victim, semen that didn't match any of them.Did Mrs.Dietrich ask about that? No, but if she did, I would've told her it was a g*ng r*pe and that we only got four of the guys.Now, maybe Mark Dietrich, the Yuppie k*ller, was running with the homeboys that night, but I doubt it.Well, how do you explain that he knew unpublicized details of the r*pe? He was incarcerated in the same facility with those four punks, wasn't he? Cons tell each other everything.But like you said, Detective Marston, you know, I can't imagine a yuppie k*ller sh**ting the breeze with four homeboys.Look, we got taped confessions.A lot of people worked a lot of hours to get those animals off the street.Us guys don't remember what it was like back then, but I've had a lot of women tell me they were afraid to walk out in broad daylight.Anything I can do, give me a call.I remember.Marston and his partner Roscoe were heroes around our house, the way they got four kids to confess in one night.Yeah.I'd like to see how they did that.I'm just saying, Nishan, your friends are gonna tell the tale.You finished with that can of soda? You want another one? Uh, no.I ain't mean to leave it there.I'm sorry.I'll clean it up.- Come on, you were there.- Man, I told you, we didn't go anywhere near the reservoir.We didn't r*pe no woman.You're not helping yourself out, kid.Your friend Nishan already said he pulled down her silver shorts.No, that ain't right.And he said you held down her left leg.I didn't.I didn't touch her never.Monty, if you keep denying while all your friends are cutting deals, it's gonna go real bad for you.Don't you wanna help us? Yeah, I do.All you gotta say is that you touched her left leg.Just touched it.You don't have to admit to anything else, just that.And then you can go home tonight.Um, do you have the tape of this confession? They wanted him to say he touched her left leg.This is the confession that played for the jury.And then Nishan took down her shorts and got on her.What'd you do? I touched her leg.Her right leg.It's all I did.Left leg, right leg.The point is, the kid admitted he was there.There were inconsistencies in all four confessions.And not one of them admitted actually raping her.Look, if they didn't do it, if they weren't even there, why in the world would they confess? - Because they were afraid to disappoint.- Disappoint who? Marston and Roscoe.Look.I'm just saying, Nishan, your friends are gonna tell the tale.You finished with that can of soda? You want another one? Uh, no.I ain't mean to leave it there.I'm sorry.So, Marston is drawing attention to the soda can, so that when anyone watches it, they know that Nishan had something to drink.So nobody can say he was denied food and drink.He's being a smart detective.These kids were interrogated for 30 hours with no lawyers and almost no contact with their parents.Marston's being polite.He's being very nice.But look Look at the kid's reaction.You got someplace I can throw it away.I'll clean it up.I'll clean it up.The kid thinks that Marston is reproaching him for leaving the can on the table.He is desperately trying to please the one guy he thinks can get him out of trouble.I mean, the jury never saw this.Never saw the way that Roscoe and Marston played these kids.All they saw was the finished product.These confessions, they're nothing but vapor.Mark Dietrich is the real thing.He did this r*pe.All four recanted their confessions.Once their lawyers got ahold of them.Two dozen witnesses saw them in the park, running in a pack, snatching purses.Dietrich knew the details.I agree with Detective Marston's explanation.Dietrich shared a prison yard with the four rapists.So, years later, he's having sex, he just happens to dredge up what they told him? Now, that is incredible.Tales of forcible sex excite him.There's an easy way out of this.The department still has Dietrich's DNA from the Mandy Johanssen case.We run it against the unknown DNA from the reservoir r*pe.I can just feature what that little psycho told you.She especially liked the part about the silver running shorts.I'm a sack artist.Improvisation is the key to my creativity.Almost as much as the bit about stuffing her mouth full of sand.If I understand you, you've never actually seen this alleged video.No.But his mother did.She even looked up the true story that inspired it.These are the newspaper articles that she checked out of the library and books.That's how she found out about the, you know, the stuff about malignant narcissism.She even called the detective who investigated the case.She thought you were good for it.If she thought that, she would've told me.You ever seen this woman? - No.- You sure? Your DNA matched the semen on her running shorts.Yeah.Okay, yeah, I remember her now.I met her in the park.So? We were warming up before jogging.We started talking, - went back to her apartment.- Where? All I remember is, it wasn't close enough.And there was a bed.We had sex.I must've dripped on her shorts.And then she went back to the park to jog, and I went home to sleep.What, you had consensual sex with a runner that you met at the reservoir, the same night the Reservoir Runner was r*ped? And it never, you know, crossed your mind to say anything? Well, how would he know that's who he had sex with? Her name and photo were never released.I still wouldn't have known.You never exchanged names? It was the '80s.Women were a lot more fun.I don't understand.Is there some doubt about who r*ped me? This man's DNA matched the semen on your running shorts.This guy doesn't look like somebody who'd bash me in the head with a rock and put sand in my mouth.Miss Stephens, if you can't remember anything about the att*ck, who told you about the sand? Detective Marston.So he's kept in touch with you.He's called every few months.Has he called you recently? A couple of weeks ago.He said he's worried about me.I didn't know policemen like that existed.APARTMENT OF DETECTIVE TED MARSTON FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9 DNA match, huh? Where do you want me to start? The samples were improperly stored.Some genius blew his nose in the petri dish.You gotta hear Dietrich's explanation.He hooked up with Jane Stephens before her run, went back to her apartment to have sex.Yeah, I can go with that.Just for drill, you should check with her.But she doesn't remember what happened that day.He knows that.Because you've monitored her condition over the years.You didn't see her that first night.She lost three-quarters of her blood.She doesn't need to remember what they did to her.That's my job.Detective Marston, we understand there was extraordinary pressure to break this case.Those kids fit a profile Forget it.There were no mistakes, no rush to judgment.We matched the DNA.Dietrich has no evidence to back up his story.The DA says it's open and shut.You know, Al Roscoe and I went over to Jane Stephens' apartment the day after she was r*ped, just to look for a number of her next-of-kin.We found a condom wrapper on the floor next to her bed.Now, maybe, that's what Dietrich used to have sex with her.Ask Al Roscoe, I'm sure he'll remember.He could've just said he was wrong about the kids, a good-faith mistake.- What's he afraid of? - Yes.Okay.Thank you.I found Al Roscoe.He's at the Saint Albans Parish cemetery up near Ghent.He d*ed two weeks ago.His handgun discharged while he was cleaning it.Wait a minute, I don't understand, Detective.Why are you volunteering this information? Because you're going to find out about it anyway.It's exculpatory evidence.Well, was there anything else besides the wrapper? - You remember the brand? - No.All your boy needs to know, is I saw a wrapper.The simpler, the better.Are we clear? My father didn't like talking about that case.That's why he moved us up here, away from all the attention.We looked at the police report of your father's death.It had all the The earmarks of an accidental sh**ting.He would've done that for you.For the insurance.I just hope I'm doing the right thing.I got this in the mail, the day after he d*ed.He was police chief here until last year.I want my kids to remember him as a hero."It's something I've been running from for 15 years." "Last weekend, Ted Marston called." "It's all going to catch up." "Before Ted and me began our interrogation of those young men, "we agreed that regardless of their innocence," "we were going to get confessions out of them." "That's what we did." "Even though the more we questioned them," "the more it was obvious they were innocent."I'm ashamed of what I did.I can't live with it anymore." Some good-faith mistake.They premeditated framing those kids.Marston was looking at prison time if word got out.Or if Laura Dietrich got the case reopened.This letter is of no value as evidence.Mr.Roscoe isn't here to authenticate it.It can't be used at trial.Marston knows that the only person who can tie him to the frame up is dead.There's no evidence to tie him to Laura Dietrich's m*rder.And thanks to his condom wrapper story, we can't even make an ironclad case against Mark Dietrich for the reservoir r*pe.Marston's sitting pretty snug in the saddle.We need to put a burr under the saddle.You are considering vacating the convictions on the r*pe, aren't you? I was a kid.I was trying to keep from going to jail.Detective Marston said the other guys were gonna put the weight on me, so I just said I touched her arm.Detective Marston suggested you say that? / Yeah.He said he would try to help me, so long as I play along.Mr.Carver, you asked us here to discuss a new development.We matched the semen on the victim's shorts to a suspect we We've come to believe acted alone.Are you preparing to vacate the convictions? Vacate, what does that mean? Your record will be clean.It means, Nishan, that you spent all those years in prison for nothing.Ten years because you trusted Detective Marston.Well, that changed you in ways that you never wanted.I I don't know what could compensate you for that.Oh, I do.I know exactly.A $100 million.Those punks are suing for $100 million.I hear the city and the department are prepared to settle, but that proposed settlement doesn't include you.You see what's going on here? I'm being set up.We need a strategy.The Detective's Endowment cannot get involved if you were derelict or if you acted out of bounds of your official duties.What's that supposed to mean? You're the Detective's Endowment, I'm a detective.You'd better just talk to the DA.I'm gonna go broke defending myself.You gotta have a talk with the Endowment.I'm sorry.Look, we had suspects.The city was in a panic.Women couldn't sleep without worrying that some guy was gonna r*pe them in their beds.This isn't fair.These guys were heroes.We need to stand by our own.It's not just the DA's office.It's public perception.What if we had him help us break Dietrich.Would that change the perception? We both saw how he handled those kids.He's good.And nobody knows the reservoir case better than him.- I think she has a point.- What're you talking about here? We need to get Dietrich on the reservoir r*pe, If we wanna get him for his mother's m*rder.You want my help? Yeah.You'd be staying ahead of the curve, you know, doing what you always do, getting at the truth like any good cop.All right.All right.Anything to make sure that the right guy goes down for the count.Where you wanna do it? CENTRAL PARK TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13 We were back there, when we started talking.No, no, the witnesses said they saw her warming up around here.I'm just telling you what I remember, all right.Mr.Dietrich, as I explained to your attorney, we need to eliminate you as a suspect in the r*pe in order to defend ourselves against this lawsuit.How you doing, Detective? Mark, this is Detective Marston.- He knows this case inside out.- Maybe you've heard of him.He's the one who got the confessions out of those kids.Thanks for helping us out today.You know, Mark is not so clear on how him and Jane Stephens got back to her apartment./ Uh-huh.This path hooks back up to the traverse.Her place is on West 81st, so they would've cut through here.You okay? Come on, I'll put my arm around you.- You won't slip.- No, no, no, I What's wrong, Mark? I'm not going down there.Not with Not with these on.Oh, no, sure, sure, sure.Here you go.They cleaned it up since the last time you've been here.Cut out a lot of the underbrush, put up a light.The rocks Rocks are still here.And the ground, still sandy.Right over there, is where they found her, half-dead, barely a pulse.Look, I don't know anything about that.I don't wanna stay here.Mark, you don't wanna help us anymore? I mean, what are we supposed to make of that? I told you, all right, I talked to the woman, we went back to her place and we had sex, okay? I mean, didn't you see the condom wrapper there? Right? Isn't that what he told you? I might've confused it with another r*pe victim, Mark.I mean, I work a lot of cases.But this girl's apartment, the bed was made, everything was tidy.The doorman saw her go out.If he would've seen her come back with you, don't you think he would've said something? Why don't you say something? I mean, what did you let them bring me here for? - Mark, I think you should - What? You're fired, okay? He sees the writing on the wall, same as everyone.You know what you need to do here, Mark? You need to cut yourself the best deal you can.I'm not going back in.No, there's a way of telling the story, Mark, that can work for you.You hooked up with a girl on the path, you brought her down here for a little intimacy, consensual intimacy.I, I, I see where this is going.This is a good story, Mark.Things started developing between you two, and all of a sudden, she hurt you.Squeezed you a little too hard, got too tough, and you lost it.The sex was consensual.A straight as*ault with mitigation, isn't that right, Counselor? Under those circumstances, yes.And all you gotta say, Mark, is she hurt you.She hurt you, and you got scared.Isn't that the way it happened? You say it, and everything falls into place.She hurt you, and you got scared.She hurt me.I got I got scared.Look, I didn't wanna hurt her.I just I got scared.I got scared.That's very good.You're almost home free.All that's left to talk about is, is your mother.My mother? Well, you helped Detective Marston clear up his old case.Now he wants to help you with this other thing.I mean, we all do.I didn't I didn't k*ll my mother.What you said is, you don't remember.What's it gonna look like to a jury? Please tell him that he has practically no chance with a jury.You have to stay out of court, my friend.You have to talk to us.I would I wouldn't k*ll her.It's obvious you care about your mother.Even in death, you cared about her, you had respect.You remember? You remember what you told me that morning that you saw her in her nightgown? About her modesty? Oh, he was so concerned about her being covered.I mean, doesn't that say something? Tells me, you're a good son, Mark.The way you pulled her nightgown down.After she was dead, to cover her.A good son would do that, a respectful son.Yeah.How did you find out about that stuff? Isn't that what you're talking about? It was pulled down over her panties.You tell me.It was bunched up like this? Maybe in the heat of the moment, you You just forgot to do it.Maybe you thought about pulling it back down, you know, so you could implicate someone.Someone like Mark.And what, you were in too much of a hurry, you just forgot to yank it back down? You think that I k*lled What, you think I'd k*ll her? You're nuts! As we speak, we're executing search warrants on your home, your office, your car.Oh, no, no, this is bull.Yeah, no, we staged the picture four weeks ago.We pushed the nightgown back up just to trick you.What're you coming after me for? You got this loser here, he's good for it.Yeah, for the fact he didn't do it.You did.You're under arrest for m*rder.You son of a bitch, you k*lled her.You k*lled my mother! Get out of here.You'll never make it stick.A cop k*lling a witness, isn't that the death penalty? It certainly is.What you're gonna wanna do here, Ted, is cut the best deal you can.There is a window of opportunity, Mr.Marston.But given what you've put this city through, I'm not disposed to leave it open longer.You have from here back up to that path to make up your mind.Okay.I'll take the deal.- I'll take it.- I'll get back to you.This must've been a very lonely place
02x16 - Cuba LibreQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:23In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.Just eight days more to go.I'm going crazy thinking about it.Me, too, sweetheart.That's enough of that.You are so funny.He never wants to see me again? Your father's upset.You didn't visit him while he was away.I had no access.She took me off the visitors list.Jack, you know I only do what Milt asks.Stop.Just stop.You should be ashamed of yourself.- I'm sorry, Jack.He's - Don't worry.Milt wants to make sure you get what's coming to you.Don't forget your brothers behind the wall now.I'll keep it real.I'm gonna miss you, Milton.Same here, brother.Come here.Maybe your luck will change now that you don't have to play me.But who will make dinner for Mr.Milt? We'll figure something out.Tonight, I want him all to myself.Oh, I don't want to set off the security system when he gets here.You want me to show you how? Uh, no.Just turn the stupid thing off.Okay.Look at this.Two years here turned me into a lean machine.So what's the first thing you're gonna do when you get out? Oh, Milt! - Oh! You're the only one.- My little sweetheart.The only one! Baby.Must be the little blue pills.It's like it has wings on it.Wings! Oh! Must be dinner.I'm famished.I'll get it.You go take your shower.Pam? Pam! No! Those bastards! You bastards! Law & Order CI These entry wounds, chest, shoulder, knee.The sh**t had no control and couldn't resist ripping her earring off.Like some subway punk.He sprayed the doorway in an arc, even hit the upper window.You know, the sh*ts came from down below, but not at the bottom of the stairs.Check the service entrance.Well, I got five, six, seven nine millimeter casings.He rang the doorbell up there and ran down here to hide? No.He rang the doorbell down here.He thought the service entrance was the main door.Here.She answers the door.He's surprised.He sh**t wild, probably one-handed, - cocked to one side.- Like in the gangster flicks.He's not used to the recoil.He loses control of the piece.She'd ordered dinner.The security cameras must have been off, so she had to go to the door to see who was there.Why were they off? The security system's very sophisticated.My wife, less so.She must have turned it off when she sent the maid home.Well, let's talk about who might have wanted your wife dead.Any candidates? Nobody.She was an angel.We had just finished making beautiful love.They were after me.All due respect, even in a snowstorm, no one would mistake her for you.You think that's funny? I have enemies everywhere.Like your ex-business partner.You were convicted of hiring a hit man to k*ll him.Do I look incompetent? Hmm? If I wanted him dead, he would have been dead.Your conviction was a frame-up, by your enemies.Exactly.My competitors.In the clothing business? This "Winter Clothes For All Seasons." This is the original store.Yeah, up in Harlem.That's my dad on the left, and that's me.Who's the man whose knee you're sitting on? Our tailor.Morris Swope.Long gone.So you built the chain from one store.And the bastards came after me because I refused to be undersold! Chang.Chang! Nitro.Worried about being poisoned? Can't be too safe.Great wealth meets great paranoia.Not a healthy combination.Pierre's, the restaurant Milt said they ordered from, had no record of any order.He told his wife he ordered dinner.That's why she opened the door.And knowing what was coming, made beautiful love to her.Well, that's what made it more exciting for him.Going by his trial testimony, the man's all about suspicion and revenge.Revenge for what? Don't tell me the lovely Mrs.Winters was cheating on the old coot while he was still in prison.Apparently not, if you believe the cook, the maid, the driver, and the Pilates instructor.Milt loved Pam.Pam loved Milt.Everything was hunky-dory.Well, there might be one Winters who's not closing ranks.Milton Junior.He was called as a character witness at his father's trial, but he never showed up.My mother taught me if you can't say anything nice about someone So you skipped your dad's trial.And the reason you didn't visit him in jail? Pamela had him take my name off the visitors list.She had him wrapped around her little finger.I won't say she had it coming, but You know, usually, in a m*rder investigation, people try to hide their joy at the victim's death.I'll try to remember that.You're an only child, right? Yeah./ Well, with his wife out of the way, you stand to inherit.Dad made a point of cutting me out of his will years ago, so I wouldn't be tempted to k*ll him.That's my dad, always looking out for me.Well, at least you've learned not to take his peculiarities personally.How can I? Dad's sick.A brilliant businessman, but sick.So he would've protected himself from Pamela./ Well, I'm sure.With a pre-nup? Pre-nups, plural.I heard he was having his lawyer redraft the originals.Well, assuming Pamela would go along with a new pre-nup.Gee, suppose she said no.I don't care how many subpoenas you pull out of your ass, you have no right to stick your nose in my legal business.That's the point of getting a subpoena, to give us that right.The material you're after is covered by attorney-client privilege.That privilege was waived when you discussed redrafting the pre-nup with Mrs.Winters.Who said anything about redrafting? - Your son.- What? That rat.He talks to you, and he doesn't talk to me? I can't believe this.Look, if you're gonna get upset, why don't you just wait outside, and we all talk to your lawyer.I see what you're doing.You people will do anything, say anything to pin this on me.The worst scum in the pen have more honor than any of you.I loved my wife.I loved her.You loved her so much, you were drafting a new pre-nup.A pre-nup that increased her stake in his estate as reward for her fidelity during his prison stay.Not that Pamela cared.Money was the least of her concerns.What? It was your idea to give your money away? I mean, guys with your pathology, they usually build an armor around what they have.I'm not taking this bait.I'm not afraid of you.I'm not afraid of this whole machinery of justice.I'm not."Money was the least of her concerns." Very nice.I almost believed you myself.I meant every word of it, Milton.Pam turned out to be a lovely girl."A lovely girl." You should know.What are you saying, Milt? I know what you did, you son of a bitch.- Milt, let Let go.- I know what you did.This pre-nup does speak toward his goodwill.Who's doing this to me? He's dead.Oh, my God.Who's doing this to me? Oh, my God.Oh, my God! Nine millimeter casings.Looks like we got a bold sh**t on our hands./ A bold sh**t on a bicycle, according to the limo driver, who unfortunately didn't see his face.Bastards! The bastards are striking at everyone I love, and you're doing nothing to stop them.Them? / My enemies, you idiot.I'm the target.You know, it looks like he's the one that took all the b*ll*ts.Jack Duvall was only important because of his relationship to me.I'm going home.Rashid! How did he ever get the impression people don't like him? Duvall's files were off-limits.Even his lunch orders fell under attorney-client privilege.Yeah.Luckily, the privilege doesn't extend to his bank records.All we got out of the secretary is that Milt was Duvall's only client.What about Duvall and Mrs.Winters? Secretary have anything to say about them? Just that Duvall always kept his office door open whenever Ms.Winters came in to see him and that he never gave her his private number.Well, Duvall knew how crazy Milt is.Look at this.Over the last few months, Duvall issued a dozen checks from his escrow accounts, all for under $10,000, all to small businesses.For losses from fire damages, accidents.He was helping settle insurance claims.A travel agency in Mott Haven.A beauty salon in Morrisania.They're all in the South Bronx.Where a lot of kids learn how to sh**t from watching gangster flicks.Have you ever seen this guy? He's a lawyer, Jack Duvall.No, I don't have much use for lawyers.Well, this lawyer wrote a $9,000 check to JC's Beauty Spa.And that's you, isn't it? I'm Solomon.JC is my wife Jaqueetha.It's her place.She had a gypsy cab, dollar van accident a while back.It could be for that.Why don't we ask Jaqueetha? I want you to soak your hand in this.Is that what it was for? A gypsy cab accident a while back? I whiplashed my neck.That's what it was for.Those guys are crazy drivers.You're lucky they had insurance.Is this your son? Uh-huh.My boy.And there he is again.He must be, what, 14 in that picture? He's grown a lot.You must be what, 16? Nineteen.Taye, why don't you go upstairs, do your studies.We'll let you get back to business.I recognized her first.She testified at the trial of the boy's real father in '87.Dempsey Powers.You would've been in Germany.I remember hearing about him, the South Bronx Drug King.He had an interesting MO.He used to sh**t his victims straight down through the top of their head to destroy the slug so it couldn't be traced back to his g*n.When they came to arrest him, he sh*t his way out.Wounded nine cops.My dad spent the summer visiting hospitals.But that isn't why he's in jail, is it? No, he claimed self-defense.Told the jury the cops were in the drug business with him and were out to k*ll him.They bought it.He's in jail for k*lling three dope dealers.And now the mother of his kid is getting money from Milt Winters' lawyer.You know, it's funny.Two guys who think that the world is after them found each other.Hey look, I was real kind to that old white man.Gave him a cigarette once.Maybe that's why he sent money to Jaqueetha.Yeah, $9000 for a loosey? Hey, it's different economics inside this wall.In fact, uh, what am I getting for this little sit-down? Two extra phone calls a week for six months and an extra hour of TV a day.- Extra TV.- Yeah.Living large, Dempsey.The point is, I'm still living, after all the b*ll*ts the crooked NYPD threw at me.Yeah, well, that was before our time.We were in the South Bronx.We just happened to drop your name.And I got to tell you, there's still all love for DP on the streets.I'm a legend.A living legend.In the South Bronx, but in here you're what, a guardian angel? Is that why Milt Winters had his lawyer send over 200 grand to businesses that belong to your family and friends? Maybe it was reparations for the sl*ve trade.First week Milt was here, some guy tried to shake him down.That guy ended up with a screwdriver in his neck.Milt was never bothered again.Milt carried himself like a man, so he was treated like one.Especially with you watching his back.He ever talk to you about his wife? I would never turn on my friends.I'm not the NYPD.- This punk's a waste of time.- Yeah, but we're just talking.You know, we noticed that your son's only been up here four times in 16 years.Greenhaven's too far.Yeah? Help us out with Milt.Maybe we can talk to the DA.Move you someplace closer where your son can visit.Come on, Dempsey.What do you think? You know what, I'm going to watch some TV.Oh.So you're gonna You're gonna pass up seeing your son to protect some rich white man.Wow! You know, I think you should sit down, make yourself comfortable.I think we're gonna search your cell.You know what? You can search all you want.You can plant all the phony evidence you want.I ain't afraid of you.You got that? I ain't afraid.We found this inside the mattress.It's probably marked.Cards, girlie magazines.Dempsey Powers' entire world, and kids in the projects think he's a living legend.This isn't much worse than what they have.Except he gets three squares a day.He's short four cards.Queen of diamonds.Jack of clubs.Deuce of spades.Ace, hearts.Queen of diamonds, Milt's wife.Jack of clubs, - Jack Duvall.- It's a hit list? Deuce of spades, Milt Junior.- His own son? - He's on a paranoid fugue.He's cleaning house.Like any good paranoiac, he wants to be there when his enemies go down.I don't know, Dad.You call me out of the blue.I've had so much loss these past two weeks.I need you, Son.I need you close to me now.Let me think about it, Dad.I got to go now.- How about a ride uptown? - No, it's okay.The water taxi will get me there quicker.See you, Dad.Son! Clear! I didn't believe them when they told me.You bastard, how could you? / No! No, it's them.These cops are trying to k*ll me.- They're after me.- For once, you're right.We are after you.Milton Winters, you're under arrest.I told you, I'm a bike messenger.People are trying to jack me all the time.- That's why I was carrying the piece.- What about these? We found them in your mom's apartment? Don't know nothing about them.You don't know what this is? Huh? How about this one? - This one? - They're playing cards? No, Ahmal, signals from Dempsey Powers.You see, some Some rich white dude paid him 200 large to have you k*ll these people.You all are whack.And you're an amateur, 'cause pros don't keep evidence in their mama's apartment.I didn't do these homicides, but whoever did, he's no amateur.He's gangster.Gangster? No.This fool was too busy styling to sh**t straight.He punched out b*ll*ts Using a 90 degree flip.Or maybe the modified John Woo 180 cock.Whichever, he had no control.He put more b*ll*ts in the door than he did in this woman.She looked dead in the picture.This isn't a movie.You did a m*rder in the course of a robbery.That's a death penalty.- I didn't rob nobody.- You took an earring off the woman.Didn't Dempsey tell you not to mess with the bling-bling? I'm telling you, I don't even know DP.Your brother Luther spent time with him up in Greenhaven.Is that how you met DP? Visiting your brother up in Greenhaven? How am I gonna get all the way up there? Subway only stop at 241st Street.All right, you don't have to flip on DP.Try this.You have these three cards.We know that there is a fourth, the ace of hearts.Who is it? Who is the fourth hit? I got no ace.I'm done.Give me a lawyer.Even if this boy flips on Dempsey Powers, we have no corroboration other than generic playing cards from a generic deck.I suggest we have a conversation with Mr.Powers.About what? A plea bargain? What else would we talk to him about? We're gonna cut a deal with a guy who sh*t nine cops? He's already serving life with no parole, and he's merely the subcontractor here.Milt Winters is the author of these murders.These are his targets.And am I wrong to assume that unless we identify the fourth target, Milt Winters will find somebody to finish the job? On what planet do you think Powers is going to cooperate with either the police or the DA? He hates us.He doesn't trust us.Dempsey thinks that we're capable of anything.Let's not disappoint him.As you probably know, Milt Winters' lawyer was sh*t outside the DA's office.Not the smartest call.The place was crawling with officers.My partner's old man was in the 40.Same precinct where you sh*t all those cops.You mean, the crooked cops.What's her daddy's name? Maybe he was on my payroll.The officers got a good look at the person who k*lled the lawyer.Recognize him? Oops.That looks just like your son Taye.My son had nothing to do with it.We have the m*rder w*apon.If you think it was easy to plant fingerprints in '87, just think about what we can do now.You're a devil.You should see me in a blue dress.Yeah, well, I ain't afraid of the devil.You should be afraid of my partner, afraid for your son.I give you what you want, you all leave me and my son in peace? I'll make sure we do, you tell the grand jury what you know and testify at Milt's trial.Oh, man.Old Milt may have come to me for some favors.But, you know, being a man of peace, naturally I turned him down.I would, um, be willing to talk about those favors.The ace of hearts, who is it? Milt lost a lot of weight in prison.Got himself healthy.He started thinking that his doctor kept him sick all those years, to bleed him dry.It's the ace of hearts, his heart doctor, Dr.Chang.Dempsey said no such thing.That's a lie.He and I are brothers.Your brother told us who your fourth target is.If you want any leniency from me, you'll call off any attempt on your doctor's life.My doctor? It's a trick.Can't you see? My brother did not betray me, would not betray me, ever.You don't trust your own son, but you trust Dempsey Powers.More now than ever.I've told him for 30 years to lose weight, to exercise.So what does he do in prison? He loses weight.He exercises.So now he wants to k*ll me? You don't sound alarmed by this.Would alarm help? Milt is the one who lives in fear.You mean paranoia? The fear of death.His father d*ed of a heart att*ck at 37.Milt thinks he lives on borrowed time.How old was Milt when his father d*ed? Sixteen.Somehow he kept his father's store going.Right.Somehow.Dr.Chang, we'll assign a couple of detectives to keep an eye on your office in the city.I don't work in the city anymore.Don't live here either.I moved to Staten Island a year ago.I hardly come into the city at all anymore.Does Milt know you spend all your time on Staten Island? / Yes.He even made a donation to the hospice I started there.Okay.Thank you, Doctor.Someone will take you back to the ferry.If bicycle boy wouldn't visit his brother because the subway didn't go to Greenhaven, how did he figure on getting to Staten Island to sh**t the good doctor? It was a delivery in one of these offices over there.I don't know what office you're talking about.You wanted him to tell you where he was making his delivery.That's what he just did, so he's done.You can't just come over here and point it out to me, Ahmal? No, I'm fine right here, man.Wait, are you afraid of the water? I ain't afraid of some water.I just don't I just stay away from it.- Well, you go over bridges, don't you? - I don't take bridges.- What about the ferry? - I just don't go on water, okay? I stay right over here, on the hard land.That's the biggest bunch of nonsense I ever heard.This is your big day.- You're gonna take a ride on the ferry.- No, no, leave me be./ Come on.It's right over here.Come on.Leave me be.No.No, no, no.Please, please.Please, I don't, I swear.I'm gonna pee myself.Please, just don't.Okay.All right.All right, calm down.Ahmal, calm down.Come on.You don't have to take the ferry.Come on.Come on.It's going to be all right.You can stay right here on the hard land.He was supposed to do the hit on Milt's son.He hesitated.He waited for the son to get away from the water's edge.Now, there's no way that he's gonna take a job sh**ting someone on Staten Island.Fourth victim, the ace of hearts, it's not the doctor.Milt's having somebody else k*lled.Dempsey wouldn't lie to us about that.But he would lie to us if he was having someone k*lled.He's playing us.Yeah, he's playing all of us.Milt contracted those three hits.The fourth one is Dempsey's choice.We may be overestimating Mr.Powers' cunning.The idea he used Milt Winters' k*lling spree to hide a k*lling of his own is Overestimate a guy who put nine cops in the hospital? You can't be serious.And cover the personnel at Greenhaven, starting with the warden.Dempsey might have already made his move.I checked homicides going back two months.This one, last week, in Queens.Eduardo Escobar.sh*t once straight down through the top of the head.- Dempsey's MO.- Who the hell is Eduardo Escobar? A subway mechanic.Married last month.No priors, no known connection to Dempsey Powers.If someone k*lled Escobar on orders from Powers, isn't it reckless to advertise the fact by using Powers' calling card? Reckless and bold.The act of someone proud of his connection to Dempsey Powers.I didn't k*ll no Eduardo Escobar.You gonna plant the g*n you're looking for, or just powder burns? Don't believe everything your father tells you.I don't have to tell you anything.My father told me that, too.You keep following his advice, and you'll end up just like him./ Ma! - Downstairs is clean.- You won't find anything.Taye has his father's mouth, but my husband and I raised him right.You got a lot of new books.History of Cuba.Cuba Today.My final essay on parts of the world where police don't practice racism.Definitely his father's mouth.Come on, Taye, let's let them do their work.This kid's inherited more than just his father's mouth.Dempsey does nothing by accident.Spanish, Cuba probably figure into their long-term plans.And k*lling Eduardo Escobar somehow gets them there.No.I never seen this man before.Eduardo had no enemies.He was gentle, always helping people.What about this one? You ever see him? No.Who are they? Just men.This is from Calabria, in the south of Italy.Did you go there for your honeymoon? No.Puerto Rico.We got married there.When did you go to Italy? I went last year.Well, Calabria's pretty rough country.People usually don't go there unless they have family - You don't have family there, do you? - No.So you went with somebody? It was before I met Eduardo.It's got nothing to do with this.Calabrese hardhead.Have you ever heard that expression? When I was a kid, I had a barber who was from Calabria.He told me that the people were very stubborn.He said that when you take something from them, they don't give up until they get it back.Who is he, Ms.Escobar? Tony.Tony Sirvino.He thinks that Eduardo stole me from him.- What does Mr.Sirvino do? - He works for the city.The Department of Correction? Yes.He drives their bus.An escape? / After Dempsey testifies for the grand jury tomorrow.Tony Sirvino's scheduled to drive his bus back to Rikers.Sirvino grew up in the South Bronx.He went to school with Dempsey, and Dempsey keeps tabs on his people.And he had his son k*ll Mr.Escobar as a favor to Mr.Sirvino? - This is - Brilliant.Once Dempsey got the contract from Milt to make these three hits, he orchestrated everything.The checks from the lawyer, the playing cards, everything, to lead us back to him, so we would bring him before the grand jury.He knew he'd be transferred from Greenhaven down to Rikers and driven back and forth to the courthouse.Sirvino helps them escape, and Dempsey's on his way to Cuba with his son.Beyond the reach of extradition.I suddenly have a newfound respect for Mr.Powers.- I ain't afraid of you.- Well, you should be afraid.Using your daddy's MO wasn't very smart.- Blood or no blood - Taye.- he's gonna take it out of your hide.- I'm Winston Malik, your father's lawyer.- Now I'm yours.- Or your mom's.But if you I ain't giving you no reason to k*ll my pops.Taye's invoking his rights.He doesn't have anything more to say.Unless his son cooperates, we have no case against Mr.Powers.And once Mr.Powers finds out we got wind to his escape plan, I doubt he'll testify to the grand jury tomorrow against Milt Winters, and then that case will be gone, too.We haven't told Junior what we know about the escape.We should be able to keep Powers in the dark until after he goes in front of the grand jury.But once we derail his escape, he'll never testify at Milt Winters' trial.We can use his grand jury testimony.Grand jury testimony is not admissible at trial.I need Mr.Powers to appear.I'm betting that Dempsey Powers I'm betting he knows that if he escapes to Cuba, his grand jury testimony can't be used at trial.He never intended to betray Milt.There is an exception, isn't there, that allows a grand jury testimony to be used at trial if the witness has been threatened into recanting his testimony? But who's going to thr*aten Dempsey Powers? His good friend Milt.Question."What did Mr.Winters tell you?" Answer from Mr.Powers."He was always complaining about all of them."His wife, his son, his lawyer." "He wanted to get rid of them." That's what your brother, Dempsey, told the grand jury just a little over an hour ago.- Down the street from here.- Question."Did Mr.Winters solicit your help in dealing with these individuals?" Answer from Mr.Powers."Yes." "He offered to pay me $50,000 each to get them k*lled." / Save your breath.Are you still convinced Mr.Powers is looking out for your interests? More than ever.This doesn't mean squat until he says it at my trial.And no way on earth he rats me out.My son, in a heartbeat, but Dempsey, never! I'm so curious about this unquestioning trust.Is it based on anything? Greenhaven.He looked out for me from day one.You paid for that protection.I was happy to share with him.He had so little.I had so much.The only thing that you had so much of in prison was fear.And Dempsey could smell it.And he used it to gain your trust.I'm not wrong about Dempsey.I know people.And Dempsey knows you.He told us that he was checking you out.He was looking for an in on you.And he found it in an article about a retailing miracle known as Winters Clothing.I I have it.It's here."Faced with his father's unexpected death, "not only kept the family store afloat, "but it turned into the flagship "of the city's most successful chain of men's clothing stores." There was a photo that was in the article.That's what tipped Dempsey off that you had help keeping the store afloat.Your dad's tailor, Morris Swope.Yeah, Uncle Morris.The man who looked out for you when your father d*ed, who showed you the ropes the first time that you were alone against the world.But Dempsey told us that he took one look at that photo and he knew.He knew how to come at you.And it wasn't by being a bully, or a flatterer, but as Morris Swope, the reassuring protector.Dempsey told us that it cracked him up.He pictured you sitting on his knee, like a wooden dummy.He got around your natural suspicion by modeling your one positive adult relationship.He took you for a couple hundred grand and sold you out for immunity and a few extra hours of TV every week.Sure, he's going to spend the rest of his days in relative comfort.But you? You're looking at the death penalty.I mean, that just doesn't seem fair.To be fair, Mr.Winters, I'll settle for life without parole in return for your admission of guilt.You think about it on your way back to Rikers.What's your name? Sirvino.You make these too tight, Sirvino, I'm gonna slap a brutality suit against you.- Milton! They got you.- I'm not sitting near this man.It's okay, Officer, we're old friends.Have a nice ride, gentlemen.The toughest guy in Greenhaven, a rat.Milton, be cool.Be cool.Cool? You spent the morning ratting me out.For what? More TV? That's what friendship's worth? Milt, don't worry, man, don't worry.It ain't gonna happen.I won't testify against you in court, okay? You already did.They playing you, Milton.Just chill out and trust me.Just chill.Sitting on your knee.Very funny, huh? What the hell are you talking about? I don't care what hole they put you in, Dempsey, I'm gonna reach out to you.You're a dead man.You're a dead man.What are you doing? You know what, Milt? I ain't going back to Haven.Just be cool.Be cool.- You're breaking out? - Shut up.Wait.Take Take me with you.We're a team, right? Sidney Poitier and Tony Curtis.Shut up./ Don't leave me.Dempsey, don't leave me.- Don't leave me behind.- It's a slice, Milton.Okay, okay, okay.Don't sh**t.Don't sh**t.Just put it down.Just put it down.It's empty.It's over.What the hell's going on? Tony Curtis speaks.I told you to keep your mouth shut, fool.We got Milt's death thr*at on tape.Which makes Mr.Powers' grand jury testimony admissible at Mr.Winters' trial.And we've got Mr.Powers for the Escobar k*lling.You know, it's a shame.All this trust and loyalty, look where it gets you.
02x17 - Cold ComfortQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:24In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.Who does she think this is going to fool? It's ridiculous.Maybe.But it contains all the necessary elements of a valid codicil.It's not even his signature.- I swear, Oliver, I am gonna - Jack.Come.How long now? Not long.Jack, the President's on the phone.Get the girls ready for bed.I'll be in later.Am I too late? No.Eloise, you're always just in time.Oliver showed me your so-called codicil.Everything's clear then.The only thing clear is how low you've sunk.It's okay, Daddy.I'm here.I've taken care of everything.We're gonna be together again.Daddy? What the hell's going on here? Where is my father? Your attorney can explain everything.My condolences.The Durning name is synonymous with singularity of vision through three generations.From my grandfather to my father to me.There are some in our family who would like to split the Durning Foundation into so many little fingers.But it is only as one that we remain a force for good.Just a minute.Yes? When? We'll get on it.I'm telling you all now that when the time comes, control of the Durning Foundation will pass to one man.To my son, Nicholas.Oh, I hope I haven't kept you waiting long.Oh, hi.No, I just got here myself.I'm just gonna run to the ladies' room.Okay? Okay.Hey, what are you doing? Law & Order CI Her friend said a woman followed her in here.No description, just a brown leather coat.Well, it's a single cut along the femoral artery.It's very precise, no hesitation marks.A pro.Her friend said that there was a purse.Well, it's not in here.She has soap on her hands.She She'd already come out of the stall, she was washing up.And the brown leather coat, after her purse, she followed her in the bathroom.Miss Kittridge went into the stall She hung her purse on the hook here.Leather coat would've just been able to reach over and grab it.No, I think Miss Kittridge probably just put it on the floor.No.She hung it up.Right.A girl thing.So the purse is on the hook within easy reach.But leather coat waited for her to leave the stall.This wasn't a robbery gone bad.It was a m*rder gone good.I called everyone on her emergency list.Her ex-husband's taking the first flight out tomorrow from Minneapolis.Who else is on the list? Her lawyer, Mr.Broome, a couple of friends.She having any problems with anybody, maybe legal problems? No, nothing like that.Because she has an entry in here for tomorrow afternoon.It's some kind of court hearing.Her father's only been dead for three days.It's too soon to contest the will.Eames.Tell them not to move anything.We'll be right there.And call the DA.You won't believe this.This restraining order bars an autopsy and entitles me to take custody of Miss Kittridge's body immediately.What did the DA say? To give the man what he wants.The remains aren't being destroyed.If a judge later rescinds the order, the body will be available for inspection.Where are they taking the body exactly? I am not at liberty to say.Sorry, let me give you a hand.I hope you guys are getting double time for hauling this corpse around in the middle of the night.Triple time.Good for you.Yeah.What do you got in there? Dry ice? Must be taking her on a hell of a road trip, huh? Just to JFK.And they got a private jet waiting.- Private jet? - Yeah.Man, even dead, these people go first class, huh? Yep.All right.Thanks.Three private flights left between 3:00 and 5:00 this morning.One for Mexico City, one for Seattle and one for Scottsdale, Arizona.Now, I'm betting that Miss Kittridge was on the one to Scottsdale.For the dry heat? No, for the freezing cold.Cryogenics.Scottsdale is the home of the largest storage facility in the world.It's why they packed her in dry ice.It's why her lawyer got a court order to prevent her autopsy.So she'll have all her fingers and toes when George Jetson defrosts her in the future.Maybe by then we'll be able to tell her who k*lled her.Yeah, or who had her k*lled.That hearing in Surrogate's Court this afternoon, it's Kittridge v.Kittridge.I can think of two Kittridges who won't be there.Who does that leave? My father told me of his wish to be interred at Arlington.We discussed the kind of ceremony, who would attend.Your Honor, the Senator's wish was that he be placed in suspended animation, so that he could be reunited with his daughter at some point in the future.He never even mentioned cryogenics to me.Even the Senator's will stated that he wanted to be interred at Arlington.Your Honor, that will was superseded by the codicil Miss Kittridge presented to the court.Much as I loved my sister, it is clear that she was exploiting my father's frailty.He wasn't at the signing.My client was.Since she's not here to authenticate it, I must rely on the will of record.Therefore, I order that Randolph Kittridge's body is to be disposed of as stipulated in the will, and that it be released into custody to his son, Jack Kittridge, for that purpose.We're adjourned.Thank you.Mr.Kittridge, I'm Detective Eames, this is Detective Goren.We're investigating your sister's m*rder.Oh, yes.I got your messages.It's okay.I appreciate everything that you're doing.Do you mind telling us what just went on in here? Yeah, we just settled a minor dispute over the disposal of my father's remains.Your sister is gonna have a rude awakening.She's expecting your father to be there waiting for her when she gets brought back to life.Eloise and I had different views about what was appropriate.You mean, like, dipping your old man in a vat of liquid nitrogen.That probably wouldn't be appropriate, especially if you're running a senate campaign.I guess people might think that you're from a family of fruitcakes.Well, it never came to that.It could've.Eloise had the codicil.If she were here she could've authenticated it.Oh, but she's not, is she? I hope that you find the people who k*lled my sister.Anything I can do, let me know.Good luck.Human Tissue Human Tissue Those are the originals.There are no copies.You people are clear on my terms? Crystal.Let me ask you, the other material, you never told me why you wanted it.No, we didn't.Please accept my condolences on the death of your sister.The storage facility said the sister made arrangements a year ago to have herself and her dad frozen.But Jack Kittridge didn't start litigating to stop her until last month.If you're worried about bad publicity, what could be worse than a court fight with your sister over your old man's corpse? Well, he might have something else to worry about besides publicity.The will said his father wanted to be interred.I just talked to Arlington.Jack arranged for his father to be interred all right, but not in the cemetery, in the crypt.The crypt? He's having him cremated.He had, as of an hour ago.Nothing like a 2,000 degree fire to destroy evidence.Randolph d*ed of lymphoma.He fought the cancer for three years.We thought he'd b*at it, then I found a malignant polyp in his colon.Was he a candidate for a bone marrow transplant? Well, yes.We were looking for a donor.- The kids weren't a match? - Well, Eloise wasn't.- Jack was never tested.- Afraid of needles? I have no idea.He did make several appointments, though.But he was always too busy, because of the needles.Thank you, Doctor.Well, that leaves the other option.He was always too busy to get tested because he might not really be a Kittridge.I hear skeletons in the family closet.You were assigned to protect the Senator back around the time his son was born? Around then, yes.Well, the Senator, he campaigned for LBJ's Civil Rights Act, and there were death threats against him and his family.Mr.Monahan, this is from the Senator's archives.The Secret Service agent at the door here, holding it for the Senator's wife and little Eloise, is that you? Looks like it.So they were your primary assignment when the Senator would go away to Washington? Yes, Mrs.K stayed up in Bedford with Eloise.She have any friends? Any special friends who visited her up there in Bedford? Special friends she didn't want her husband to know about.Mrs.K.loved the Senator very much.Sure.But you see, she was up there in Bedford all alone for weeks at a time, and then her son was conceived.I'm not getting into gossip.You were reassigned just before Jack was born.Yeah, I was bored.I wanted to be in DC where the action was.A different kind of action.Mr.Monahan, this old picture isn't a very good likeness of you.Now that I see you in person, your chin Jack.Jack has your chin.I've gotta get to the store.Mr.Monahan, we think Jack was afraid somebody might find out the Senator wasn't his biological father.That's why he had him cremated.No one knew.Not even the Senator.No one.Has your car been broken into recently? 'Cause this tint here is less faded than the other glass.Has this glass been replaced recently? Yeah, about a month ago.Some neighborhood punks, they smashed the window.What did they steal? Nothing really.The change in the ashtray.- I see you have lip balm there.- Yeah.They take that, too? Well, the one I had in there was missing.But I doubt that they stole it.I mean, a used stick of lip balm? Well, if it wasn't used, there'd be no point in stealing it.Every time you put lip balm on your lips, you leave dry skin cells on the stick.That's what they were after, to get Monahan's DNA to show that he was Jack's biological father.Jack got wind his secret's out.So he had the Senator's remains cremated.But by then, it's too late.The proof's already out there.Two weeks after Monahan's car got broken into, Jack filed suit to keep Eloise from freezing her father.They used the DNA to blackmail Jack into filing a suit.Somebody didn't want that body preserved.Or, they wanted something from the body.Something a reanimated Senator Kittridge couldn't live without, you know, 100 years from now.They brought Mr.Kittridge here right after he d*ed and we cooled him down to 5 degrees Celsius.They wanted him shipped to a cryogenic facility, but there was a legal hang-up and we ended up sending him to a crematorium.After you prepared him for cremation? Not me.The family brought in their own pathologist out of concern for Mr.Kittridge's dignity, which I totally get.Do you remember what the instruments looked like that the pathologist used? I saw him set up.He had scalpels, and retractors, and a few instruments I'm not familiar with.Well, you'd remember what they looked like.I mean, you could sketch them.We can work over here.Put it on the plane to Geneva.The lab will be up and running by tomorrow morning.Sorry for the interruption.No, your son was just telling us about your vaccine program in Africa.That was all Nick's idea.So have you decided what you're doing today? Yes, I'm gonna take my parents up to Connecticut for the night, show them the house.My grandfather used to take me fishing up there, to a little lake just outside of Outside - Outside - Litchfield.Katie says there's a room that would be perfect for a nursery.Fantastic.Nick and Katie, your engagement has made an old man happy.Extremely happy.Welcome to the family, all of you.Stryker saw.A bone mallet.This one is a malleable retractor.All this to remove a penile implant.Imagine what it took to put it in.They weren't removing an implant."Using a stryker saw to cut through the calva" It's the top half of the skull."the skull cap can be pried loose by twisting a t-shaped chisel "along the saw cut and tapping it gently with a bone mallet." They cut open his skull? "If the dura membrane is tightly adhered, "a malleable retractor will separate it from the brain." Don't tell me they took his brain.There's nothing in Kittridge's file about any neurological disorders.Nothing that would make his brain worth studying.A politician's brain? Maybe they wanted to see how he talked out of both sides of his mouth.Well, is there anything unique about brain cell DNA? Nah.It's all the same DNA from head to toe.They could have used hair or blood.But they didn't.Something has to be remarkable about that brain, enough to interest someone with the will and the resources to blackmail Jack Kittridge and k*ll his sister.It's gotta be for research.Well, they'd need a university-grade lab, at the very least.The Senator's doctor removed a polyp from his colon.- They did a biopsy.Do you - Yeah.Six months ago.At the York Institute.Senator Kittridge's polyp was used in a study on the genetics of neurological disorders.Well, his medical file doesn't mention he had a neurological disorder.Well, he didn't.The study collected tissue from all their patients, to look for chromosomal anomalies known to cause a whole host of disorders.Any anomalies on Senator Kittridge? Oh, I'm afraid that's confidential.Well, we'll just read the published paper.There was no paper.The study was terminated.The funding ran out.We'll guess the funding "ran out" when somebody pulled the plug.Maybe because of some negligence by the hospital? There was nothing we could've done to protect ourselves.Against what? Three months ago, someone hacked into our computer and retrieved personal data on the tissue donors.- Matching names and tissue samples? - Yes.After the security breach, the Durning Foundation pulled out.They funded the study? Yes.They threatened to sue.They even sent their own people here to destroy the data we'd collected.Spencer Durning himself called me.I was shocked.We fund over 800 projects a year.There are equally deserving programs that are more competently run.Senator Kittridge would be disappointed his polyp didn't get to save mankind from some terrible disease.It was part of the study.Did you know that? No, I didn't.How would I? Well, you wouldn't.It's a, well, you know, funny coincidence.Your foundation prepared a report on cryogenics for the Senator's son.It was Exhibit "L" in his suit against his sister.The Foundation had studies on the subject.Jack Kittridge's lawyer approached us for help.Randolph Kittridge was a great American.He deserves better than to spend eternity hanging by his ankles in a tub of nitrogen.Come on.It was an act of love by his daughter.I mean, what if your son - Your son - Yes, Nicholas.What if your son Nicholas, preserved your body for the day where they came up with a cure for, well, whatever k*lled you.Cryogenics is pie-in-the-sky science.My son knows better.I mean, you'd be worth bringing back.I don't plan on dying.Maybe it would've been a greater act of love to donate the Senator's body to science.Especially if there was something unique about him.Something that came out during the research at the York Institute.Is that why you helped Jack Kittridge? Mr.Durning already answered that question.He said that the Senator was a great American.I mean, you can't really believe that, I mean, for a minute, can you? I mean, don't get me started on politics.It's I mean, you know, his marriage was the great American joke.He cheated on his wife, his wife cheated on him I meant his public life.His service to the country.He wimped out on the country.Ran for presidency in '76, dropped out before the first primary.I mean, there were rumors of dr*gs and Oh, no, that was ridiculous.No.No, I saw it on TV.He started crying right in the middle of one of his press conferences.The guy couldn't get though one speech without losing his place.He always forgot facts.I mean, it's like, the guy didn't, you know, know where he was.You know, half the time.As I remember, he was suffering from exhaustion and he needed a rest.We've faced an unrelenting barrage of slurs.My wife Maureen, and my children Eloise and Jack, don't deserve this.It's not worth it.So I am withdrawing my name as a candidate for the presidency of the United States.Here's another one from the Boston Herald in January '76."Kittridge wandered off the stage in the middle of a fundraiser."His wife said he had the flu." Must have been some flu.Senator, do you support the Supreme Court's ruling in Roe v.Wade? If elected, I will uphold the law of the land.If elected, I will uphold the law of the land.It's been a long day.Our children are waiting for us.Thank you.I remember this puppet show.Everybody thought he was stoned.Well, his eyes aren't glassy, his speech isn't slurred.But he is completely disoriented.There's nothing in his record, not even a DUl.And no hint of a substance abuse problem in his files or of a nervous breakdown.Kittridge had unprovoked mood swings, he had memory losses, he neglected his appearance.His lapses, they took place late in the day and they got worse over a period of months.You're describing my old man.Except he has Alzheimer's.Well, maybe Kittridge did, too, in '76.But he was only what? 40, 42? There's a rare form of the disease, it's called early-onset Alzheimer's.It's genetically-transmitted, strikes people in their 30s and 40s.Except a year later, Kittridge went back to the senate, and he was sharp as a tack until he resigned eight years ago.And as far as I know there's no cure for Alzheimer's.There isn't.Somehow, Kittridge recovered.And that would make him some kind of medical miracle.And his brain worth studying.Well, it would account for all the bad behavior if someone desperate enough thought that it held a key to a cure.I'm sorry for interrupting, but he keeps trying to run outside.He says he's late for school.His afternoon pills are still here.He forgot to take them.He forgot? That's what he does.He forgets.It's your job to remember.Come on.Let's go to bed.But I'm gonna miss the bus.I'm gonna be late for school.No, it's not time to go to school, Nicky.It's time for good little boys to be in bed.Now we're gonna take our vitamins.Take a big gulp.That's my boy.Everything's gonna be fine, Nicky.Everything's gonna be fine.Alzheimer's? But he held office.He chaired committees.He recovered.Against all odds, against conventional medical wisdom.Certain people found out.For their own reasons, they wanted to study your father's brain, so they blackmailed you to get access to his remains.Well, that's absurd.Blackmail about what? We know about your mother's indiscretion.Who got to you, Jack? Spencer Durning? He's ruthless enough to k*ll to get what he wants.Your sister.They didn't tell you? You wanna see what a neat surgical job they did on her? Don't even consider stonewalling to save your campaign.We have enough to indict.This is just a courtesy.It's a complete fabrication.There isn't a grain of truth to these allegations.Consider your bluff called.Maybe it's you who's wrong about Mr.Durning.Why would a man like him use such desperate measures to steal an organ? Because he is desperate to save his only child, his son Nicholas.He is the right age for the onset of the disease.Then why all the secrecy? They don't want anyone to find out.For the last four years, he's been fighting with relatives to keep them from carving up the family foundation.Now, he's been able to fend them off by naming his son as the sole successor.Which wouldn't do him any good if everybody found out his heir apparent had Alzheimer's.He can't hide it for long.Maybe he won't have to.Nicholas had a shipmate.Nick didn't tell me he gave his dad that photo.It was taken last summer off Block Island.On your brother's boat.That's how we found you.Don't worry.Your brother didn't tell us that you and Nick were engaged.We found that out on our own.Why else would his dad keep your picture on his desk? Maybe I should call Mr.Durning.Must be intimidating marrying into a rich family with all their, well, rules and secrecy.Is Nick in trouble? Would you be surprised if he was? Nick's a very honest person.Well, you wouldn't marry him if he weren't or have kids with him.You do plan on having kids with him, right? - We both want children.- Well, that's great.And you live in different cities.How's that working out for you? Nick flies me to New York every week or so to spend the day.Meaning, in theIn the daytime.What do you do in the evenings? Nick gets very tired in the evening.He has a medical condition.Cerebral aneurysm.It's not life-threatening.Is that what he told you, he had an aneurysm? Yes.He'll probably have surgery after the wedding.The ME said if he had an aneurysm, he'd have headaches, dizziness, not just fatigue.That's why he doesn't see her in the evenings, 'cause in the early stages of Alzheimer's, that's when the symptoms appear.He lied to her.Or he did tell her he has Alzheimer's and she's keeping the secret.The disease is inherited.Nick could pass it to their kids.I can't imagine any woman having children under those circumstances.So Spencer Durning and his son are deceiving this poor woman just to produce an heir? No.A spare.If they can't find a cure for Nicholas, Durning will use this grandchild to retain the control over the Foundation.That would be detestable.And so far, unprovable.Will a show-and-tell help? It's our turn to call a bluff.If I haven't committed any crime, why am I under arrest? You'll have to ask the DA.He's the one who got the material witness warrant.Oh, I'm a witness? To what? Ask the DA.He just wants to make sure you show up to testify.Once you post bail, you can go home.- When do I see a judge? - Sometime tonight.Wheels of justice.This is incredible.Can I at least make a phone call? Your dad's already been contacted.We can contact your fiancee, if you want us to.Tell her that you're okay.You know, just give us her number.You already have the number.She told me you went to Providence to talk to her.You're not worried, given your condition? Your aneurysm.Katie told us that you got tired.The judge will ask you questions, you'll have to answer them.Yeah, so I'll answer them.Look, I won't be at my best, but so what? So they know I have an aneurysm.The doctors that diagnosed you, they work for the Durning Foundation? Yes.Anyway, I take medication.I have it with me.It's in my briefcase.There's no problem.If he has Alzheimer's, the symptoms will show up by the time he appears at the hearing.If he's worried about people finding out, he doesn't look it.Maybe because he has an aneurysm.Where's my son? I wanna see him now.Let me handle it, Spencer.Then handle it.Get him out.I wanna see this material witness order.If you wanna challenge it, you can file a writ.I want my son home within the hour.That's not gonna happen, Mr.Durning.But for sure by this evening, at the earliest.What the hell are you waiting for? File the damn writ.I am not leaving without my son.Why don't we wait in my office, Mr.Durning.Now, that's a man who's worried and looks it.Hmm.Let's get Nick into interrogation.Where is he? Why do you have him in there? Where we had him was noisy and busy.This is more quiet, less stressful.Wouldn't want him to get stressed out on account of his aneurysm.He told us all about it.You know you can't talk to him without his lawyer.On the contrary, he's a witness, not a suspect.Nick is looking a little peaked.I got him something to eat.That'll perk him up.Oh! And the meds.One or the other ought to do the trick.I have to talk to my son.I insist on talking to him.Can't allow that.But you can listen in.How are you holding up? I'm a little tired, but I'll be okay.I brought your pills.I mean, you can't take them yet.There's a protocol that we have to follow just so that we know that they're exactly what you say that they are.And I'll just look it up.I mean, you wouldn't believe the things that people try and pull on us."Dexamethasone." Yeah, it's an anti-inflammatory.Right."Dexamethasone, anti-inflammatory, for the treatment of cerebral aneurysm." Well, what's wrong? Well, you can see in the book here that That it showsIt has pictures of exactly what the pill is, but And your pill doesn't look anything like the one in the book.You can see that the one in the book is blue, and yours is yellow.Yes, I don't understand.Well, that's two of us.Who fills your prescriptions? I get them through my doctors' office.The doctors who work for your father's foundation.Yes.I'll be right back.Well, you just keep looking through the book.How long do you think it's gonna take him to find out that the pills your doctors are giving him aren't for an aneurysm? You don't know what you're talking about.If anything happens to my son because you denied him his medications Yeah, I think he just found one.I've gotta get in there.I have to talk to him.Dad.Nick, you're gonna be all right.Tom's working to get you out.You'll be home soon, you can rest.Never mind what they say.You can take your medications.No, but there's something wrong with it.There's a mix-up.We'll sort that out later.Did you find that pill in there? Yes.It's lorazepam.It's an anti-anxiety drug.Are you sure? Why would they prescribe that? Maybe you should look up those other pills.No, this is a waste of time.Now just give me the book.Dad, Dad, why are you being like this? I think he has a right to know what dr*gs he's taking.Here, the dexamethasone.Nick, these people are not your friends.I can see why you picked him as your successor.What? Well, his spirit.He knows his own mind.If not him, then one of those grandkids you're dying to get your hands on.Did you find something, Nick? Well, this Well, this can't be right.What does it say? It's a drug called donezepil.It's It's for people with Alzheimer's.I'm sure it has many other uses.No.It just says Alzheimer's.This is idiotic.Why don't we wait until we can consult with the doctors? Now, it makes sense.They prescribe anti-anxiety pills to people with Alzheimer's.Why are they giving me these dr*gs? Maybe you should tell him.I have Alzheimer's? A rare form called early-onset Alzheimer's.How long have you known? I'd say six to eight months.He's been keeping it under wraps, so no one will know that the future of the Durning Foundation was in the hands of someone whose mind is slowly slipping away.I had a right to know.Why didn't you tell me? Why didn't you tell me? Because then he wouldn't get the grandkids that he's counting on taking your place.See, Nick, your disease, it's inherited.And you, you have a conscience.Now, you wouldn't wanna play Russian roulette with the future of your kids.But your father, he would.He'd sacrifice them, your fiancee, you on the altar of his grandiosity.That's a lie.There's hope, Nick.There are precedents.I am moving heaven and earth to find a treatment.We're a year or two, maybe even months away.He's right.He's right about that one thing.There is a precedent.Senator Randolph Kittridge, he got Alzheimer's when he was 42 and he b*at it.He went on to have a brilliant career.- But it was a fluke.- No.It was an aberration with no scientific value.No, no, no.We can learn from that case.He's already written you off.Go to hell! Listen to me, Nick.My team is on the verge of isolating the mechanism in his brain that produced high levels of the APoE2 protein.That's the key.You found high levels of E2 in Kittridge's brain? Yes! Yes! I guess all that blackmail and m*rder is paying off after all.Kittridge's daughter had other plans for her father's brain.So your dad had her k*lled.Don't you dare look at me like that! You know where you got that disease! Those weak genes from your mother.I had to fix what she did to you.And if I did anything wrong, damn it, I did it for you, for your future! His future? Your future! You don't plan on dying, remember? You wanna be immortal.You got to be immortal.And not in a tub of nitrogen.No, your vessel to eternity is the Durning Foundation.To carry your legacy burning bright through the centuries.No, it's not enough for you to be humanitarian of the year.You got to be humanitarian of the millennium.Shame on you.Humanitarian to everything and everyone, except your son.Your son's tragedy.Because, Spence, however much you may like humanity, it's people that you can't stand.Spencer Durning, you're under arrest for m*rder.Worst thing that can happen to a man that wants to be remembered? What's that? In a year or two, his own son won't know who he is.
02x18 - LegionQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:25In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.- Hey.- Hey.It's freezing in here.They didn't fix the heat? Mmm-mmm.Called the super this morning.Calling doesn't do any good.I'll go down and talk to him.Hey, where's Sami? Did you let him go out? He doesn't do what I tell him.You let him bring that in here? Rico, don't make trouble, please! If he comes in here, I'll send him straight home.Okay.Hey, hey! Where's Sami, huh? I don't know anything.You don't know.Then why you running, huh? - I don't know! - Where you going off in a rush? You don't know? Listen, you tell your friends Sami's out of this.If he isn't home in una hora, I'm gonna call the cops and let them know what you're up to.- Listen, I don't know - Listen, you tell your friends what I said! Hey.Hey, get away from me! Help! We heard you were looking for Sami.You got your pops to thank for this, little man.Look at him, little man.Look at the love in his eyes.He loves you so much.Welcome death, little man.Look, the senator's bill's never gonna make it out of committee.No, it's dead, gone, forget it.Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! I didn't see him.I didn't see him.He came out of nowhere.I didn't even see him.Oh, my God.Law & Order CI Witnesses confirm the initial report.This guy ran out into traffic.This accident finished something someone else started.His throat's been cut.It's not very deep.Didn't go through the carotid artery.There's dirt in the wound, in his mouth.He's even aspirated some up his nose.And there's dirt under the nails.This man was buried alive.He He dug himself out.This blood spatter on his pants, you see how it moves across both legs? It didn't come from his neck.I didn't see any other wounds.There's another injured out there.Out there, somewhere in Prospect Park.Guys, we're gonna have to check this whole perimeter.Oh, damn.This is Detective Eames.We have a body.Male, juvenile, about 50 yards in from the playground.He was cut right through the carotid.The boy d*ed instantly.And there's no mistake this time.We ran the prints.We got a pop on the adult victim.Enrique lberra.According to the blood tests, the kid's probably his.I'm guessing lberra's priors were for dope.This MO's got dope written all over it.Iberra's last conviction was 12 years ago.He finished his GED while he was inside.His parole reviews are stellar.He had car grease on his jacket, calluses on his hand.He was a mechanic.He was working for a living.He and his kid were what, witnesses? Wrong place, wrong time? Or it's punitive.Someone was being taught a lesson.The father? Not necessarily.Iberra had his son's blood on his pants.His son was buried on top of him.Which means Iberra was likely k*lled first.Right in front of his son.Was your husband in any kind of trouble? Did he owe someone money or No.There was no trouble.Not about Sami? No.No.When Sami didn't come home last night, you weren't worried? I thought he was with Rico.And Rico came home after work, he left his toolbox there and then he left again.Why? To have a beer.But Sami was 12 years old.He didn't take Sami to have a beer.No.Sami, he was with his friends, kids from the neighborhood.Maybe your husband went out looking for him.No.He just went out That's all, he ju I'm just so upset.I'm sorry.We're gonna have to look in Sami's room.Sami was a fan.Him and his friends, they all wanna be basketball players.Your husband took him to the games? No, we can't afford that.These are ticket stubs from three different games.The last one was a month ago.Someone from Rico's work got him those.A rich guy.Rico worked on his car.I don't remember his name.These protein bars, did you buy them? Sure, I did.How much did they cost? I A dollar something.I don't remember.These are worth about $5, right? I mean, these are about five bucks.Did someone give them to Sami? Maybe the same person who gave him the game tickets.No, I told you.I can't help you.Please.We think you need our help.Promise you'll give us a call, okay? Did Sami work on cars with his dad? I'm wondering if this stuff's grease or oil here.See? Rico's work.Grease everywhere in the house./ It's okay, I'll clean it up.It's no big deal.You should really listen to what my partner is telling you.You're not alone.Protein bars, Knicks tickets, this kid had expensive tastes.Yeah, and the money to indulge them.Move it over to the right, okay, because that's where the drum kit goes.Where you been? We got a booking in 20 minutes.Yeah, sorry, Jojo.- You know I count on you, right? - Yeah.And after, Tomas needs help with his homework.What? You know the rules.You wanna hang out, eat my food, learn the board, then you gotta get the homework done.Frankie.You create a problem, solve it on your own time.Let's go.Dead? Both of them? I didn't know.Enrique's wife said you saw him last night.Why would she say that? Maybe because he said he was having a beer with you.No way he told her that.I was still here, right here, working till 9:00.How do you know it was before 9:00 when he went out? Well, you just said that She didn't tell you what time it was, Mr.Ramirez.Now you know because you saw him, right? Maybe somebody told me they saw him.Somebody who? Somebody from where Enrique was having the beer, like Louisa said.Where would that be, you being Enrique's drinking buddy? Try la taverna around the corner.Hey, I wasn't that close to him.He'd been in jail, you know? See that bodega down there on the right? I think the guy there, Ramirez, was friends with him.Maybe he saw him.But you're sure Mr.Iberra didn't come in for a beer last night? Yeah.He hardly ever came in.I don't know, maybe once, I don't know.I never noticed him.Sorry.Honest people, every last one of them.You can tell 'cause they're such bad liars.Hey, guys.Hey, no, no, wait up, wait up.Listen, me and my partner, we need your help.Did you know that a friend of yours from the neighborhood, Sami Iberra, you know that he got k*lled last night with his We don't know him.- We don't know what happened.- Wait, wait, wait.I'm not finished.Who put the word out not to talk to us? Who's everyone afraid of? Come on, Sami grew up here all his life with his mom and his dad.Huh? You guys grew up with him.You probably went to the same school, right? You played video games, you sh**t hoops.You don't think you should stand up for him? In this neighborhood, the Neighborhood Watch watches the cops.It just breaks my heart.Sami was one of our small victories.He worked so hard to better his grades.This year it all just clicked in for him.How was he outside of class? Any problems with the other kids? Fights? No.He stuck mostly with kids from his own neighborhood.They're all good kids.That's the picture we're getting.The local precinct said it's a low crime area, very little drug activity.Protein bars seem to be the drug of choice.All of Sami's friends eat those.If you had to name Sami's best friend, who would that be? It was Jamal Dupuis, but Jamal moved out of state a few months ago to live with his father.How did Sami take that? He started acting out, but he got himself under control.CD player.Noise reduction headphones.It's got to be at least a couple hundred bucks.That's Rap.Rap.Well, this is interesting.What is that, a mambo? No, it's son.It's music from Cuba.Which is odd 'cause his family's Dominican.These kids are usually ferocious about, you know, embracing their ethnic background.It's homemade.Sami's Mix.And he didn't have a computer or a CD burner at home.Sixteen-One Studios.Yeah, I showed Sami how to download tracks and use the CD burner.You a friend of the family? A friend of the community.The local kids, they like to stop by after school, I let them hang out till their parents come home from work.But that can't be good for business.Hey, don't worry.When J.Lo comes in, I make sure the kids behave.Let me help you with that.We'll move it around this way.All right.You know, Sami's He had a very eclectic selection on his CD.Yeah, rap, hip-hop, you'd expect that.But son music? Is that your influence, Mr.Rios? He heard me play it.He liked it.Kids are like, you know, sponges.He see you eat these? He had some in his locker at school.Well, I can't help it if they get hungry, and I don't feed them junk.I mean, you eat junk, you become junk.Yeah, respect your body, respect yourself.That's a good philosophy.I'm sorry, this thing is just so Baby! Oh, I like that.It records a word or a phrase so you can play it like a note, you know.You let the kids use this stuff? I teach them how to use the equipment, after they do their homework.Jojo's clubhouse.All due respect, ma'am, where would you like these boys to be? Here, doing their schoolwork, maybe learning a skill, or out in your neighborhood boosting car stereos? No, here, definitely.Hey, Frankie, Ruthie's Jerk Palace is coming in at 4:00, huh? You want to set up the board? I got a restaurant commercial to do.You must do a lot of these commercials to pay for all this gear.Oh, commercials, demos.I even got a couple of clients get on the Latin charts.Is Frankie one of your success stories? Frankie's like an apprentice, you know? Another couple of years, he'll know enough to open his own studio.So he gets his own studio, and then there's Sami.What happened with him? He was a victim of his father's impulses.The man was an ex-convict.That was his nature.He was probably mixed up with some bad people, and the poor kid paid the price.You know, one last thing, before we let you get on with your, you know, commercial.Jamal Dupuis, did he hang out here with Sami? Yeah, for a while.But I think the kid moved out of the neighborhood.Good.That's that's what we heard.Well, thanks.Baby! I really like I really like that.Jamal moved down to the barrier islands, to live with his father in South Carolina.Why? Was he having problems here? He wanted to work, and they don't let 13-year-olds work up here.So, they say you can make good money crabbing down there.Have you talked to him lately? He calls from time to time from pay phones.His father doesn't have a phone now.Have you told him what happened to his friend Sami? No.Well, they were best friends.They hung out together at the sound studio on Bergen Street.We have nothing to say against Mr.Rios.Your daughter is very cute.You're happy Jamal's out of the house.Why would you say that? Well, you don't have any photos of him.What's the town where Jamal's staying with his father? It's not just one town.Well, his father's got family on a lot of the islands down there, so Jamal stays with them, too.My favorite place down there is Gullah Gullah Island.I bet Jamal probably goes crabbing there.Oh, yes.I remember him telling me that.Telling you that he went crabbing on Gullah Gullah Island? You know, Mrs.Dupuis, there is no island with that name.Well, I'm sure I heard of it.That's because there's a children's television show called Gullah, Gullah Island, and you probably watched it with him when he was growing up.Where is he? What happened to him? He's with his father, and you have to go now.Mr.Dupuis, we can protect your family.Just go.Slowly, now.You don't need that much, just half.Easy, easy.You see, Ramon? One drop at a time, not all at once like you did last week.- No, I didn't.- Don't contradict! A man who sees his own shortcomings and corrects them is on his way to meet God.Frankie, come help teach these boys.Your mind isn't here.You wanna be strong, you stay focused.You watch Bennie.He's focused.That's how he gets the job done.I got the job done, Jojo.Half done.Now I told you, watch Bennie.You see, Frankie? That's focus.Jamal's parents were supposed to contact us to tell us where to send his school records, but we never heard from them.Jamal ever talk about working in South Carolina? No, I never heard that.Could we see other files from students who moved away in the last year or so? Sure.We keep them over here.There's a notation in Jamal's records from the school nurse.Two weeks before he moved, he showed up with a black eye and a broken collar bone.Here you go.This one moved to Fresno, California.The school board confirms he's enrolled there.Here, Christopher White, broken arm six months ago.Three weeks later, his parents say he moved to Oklahoma to live with relatives.There's no confirmation in the file.We try to stay on top of things.Marco Reyes.His parents say they sent him to Mexico to live with his grandmother.That was a week after he showed up for class with eight stitches in his face.These kids were all getting a b*ating as a going-away present.Well, they have something else in common.They were all from the same 12-block radius.The same 12 scared blocks.Some kids were trolling for scrap metal last October along l-95 near exit 43.Their dog started digging.John Doe, 12 to 13 years old.He matches one of the set of dental records you sent around.Christopher White.The throat was cut.The laceration was deep, all the way back to the vertebra.Almost took his head clean off.The way the body was posed in the grave, stretched out, hands crossed over the front, feet together.A proper burial.A sign of respect? I'm looking at Christopher White's birth certificate.His body was dumped less than a mile from where he was born.And these spots on the shoe, anyone test them? Other than coloring and tanning agents, all you got here is shoe leather.No trace of anything that would cause it to cr*ck and discolor like that.Yeap.You know, when I was a kid, I had leather mitts, all right, and then they would get cracked, you know, when they were wet and cold.Well, that's how leather reacts when it's frozen.What about flash frozen? Sure, with dry ice.But that leaves a residue.Liquid nitrogen? Sure.It evaporates, leaves no residue.Look, I was wondering if you could run this through your machine.I wiped it off the floor of a kid's bedroom.Is that grease? You tell me.Submicron Teflon chips.Graphite.Rare polymers.Friction modifiers.I'm afraid to ask you where you put this kind of grease.It's Italian racing bicycle grease.It's $30 a tube.I can imagine what the bicycles cost.Up to $15,000.If the lberra kid had a bike like this in his bedroom, it had to be stolen.That's what he was into.Yeah, that's what they're all into.The kid in New Jersey, he dripped liquid nitrogen on his shoe.Liquid nitrogen is used to break bicycle locks.I pulled some figures from Compstat.There are $3 million worth of bicycles stolen in all five boroughs every year.Most of it involves adult perps, but there are reports of one g*ng of kids operating in Manhattan.They're quick, they use different MO's and they've never been caught.And they're all well-trained.Like Jojo said, kids are like sponges.And I assume the ones that don't make the grade or make trouble get their throats cut.We matched up three of the missing boys, including Jamal Dupuis, with John Doe remains.Their parents have been contacted, but they're still not talking.Let's be careful how much we lean on them.According to the direction of the marks on the vertebrae, these kids had their throats slit from behind from left to right.The k*ller was right-handed.But Sami Iberra and his father had their throat cut from right to left.Their k*ller was left-handed.Jojo was breaking in someone new? Somebody who didn't quite do the job right.That's a Cielo with a set of Record 10 shifters.Bennie got that.Good work, Bennie.Real good work.You know what? You guys go home, okay? - Frankie and I can take it from here.- They could help unload.You don't look good.You eat lunch? I just haven't been sleeping so good, that's all.I heard what the cops found.I know.But you're standing up good.Your loyalty, that's what's appreciated.Thanks, Jojo."The power within stays safe and free from as*ault, "superior to pleasure and pain, doing nothing randomly." - You remember that? - I do.I know you do.And I know you're gonna continue standing by everyone.Your fellow warriors.Any sacrifice that's needed.That's what I know you can do.Well, what do you mean? If it's necessary, we know you'll do, what a man would do."Don't act as if you're going to live 10,000 years."Death hangs over you." "While you live, while it's in your power, be good." Frankie's not home a lot of the time.Look, is there a reward for information or what? - A reward? - Hmm.Maybe we can scrounge something up.What do you think? Twenty bucks.We can handle 20 bucks.Twenty bucks? Well, it's not like he's on the FBI's top 10 list.Well, I can see Frankie's mom has kept her youthful looks.Don't run, Frankie.It won't be good for you if you run.- I'm not running.- What you go and do, you little jerk? Bringing the cops into my house after all I've done for you.I hope they fry you.That's a good attitude, Frank.And so it begins.Your dad's quite a ladies man, huh? When my dad came home at night, I could smell them on him.I was ashamed.Right? I mean, like your dad.I can see why you look up to Jojo.I really can."Everything has always been the same." How do you mean? "You can't lose another life than the one you're living now, or live another one than the one you're losing." "The longest life is the same as the shortest." What's he talking about? "The longest life is the same as the shortest." I know this."Some things are rushing into existence." "Others out of it." Did you read this, Frankie? "Time is a river, a violent current of events, glimpsed "Glimpsed" "Glimpsed once, already carried past us and is gone." Yeah.That's Marcus Aurelius.The dictates of a warrior.Okay.Call EMS.He's taken something.He's trying to k*ll himself.This is unit 229.We have an attempted su1c1de.What did you take, Frankie? I am a warrior.I welcome death.Yes, and warriors try to live.They fight and they And they live.The son of a bitch! He told him to do it! He told him to! He's on a respirator.It's touch and go.He took some kind of cyanide.He must have been carrying it around with him.In case of capture? What, did this boy step out of an old w*r movie? An old Roman w*r movie.Before he went into convulsions, he was quoting Marcus Aurelius.Marcus Aurelius? The Meditations? He was a Roman emperor And a follower of the Roman Stoic philosophy.But I wasn't aware that Marcus Aurelius was an advocate of su1c1de.Well, he wasn't.But like any belief system in the wrong hands, Stoicism can be twisted to mean whatever you want.The wrong hands being Jojo Rios.His idea of self-control.The way that the bodies were laid out for the burial, where they were buried, he's following the playbook.Even the name of his sound studio, Sixteen-One.The year 161 AD, the year Marcus Aurelius was made emperor.Mr.Rios sees himself as a general? Leading 12-year-olds in a criminal enterprise with the help of a second century philosophy? Stoicism inspired the Roman legions to march across Europe and Africa.I mean, if you're gonna start a g*ng, you could pick a worse model.Detectives, I'm sorry.The Marino boy didn't make it.The doctor will be out to talk to you.I need to notify the next of kin.The father.Nurse, his father, he's not gonna care.We need a gag order.I mean, the hospital can put out that we brought Frank Marino in, but we don't want them to tell anyone that he's dead.We don't? No.If Frank Marino talked, we'd have a case against Jojo Rios.We need him to have talked.Excuse me, but I really do need to notify the parents.Nurse, I'm Ronald Carver, Assistant District Attorney.I need to explain something to you.It's time to round up some legionnaires.- Bennie, come on.- I'm moving.I'm moving.- Not anymore.- Uh-oh.Jojo takes care of us.No, see, that money he's making off the bicycles, he's not putting that in your college fund.He's gonna spend it while you sit in Spofford.Ramon, don't be a sucker! Your mom's all alone with your two little brothers.What are they gonna think if you go to jail? They'll see I'm a man.To stay true.That's what it means to be a man.Christopher White, Marcos Reyes, Jamal Dupuis and Sami lberra.What happened to them, Bennie? And why did Jojo have them k*lled? Listen, I do not know anything about that.What about Christopher White? He was in your class.He must have done something pretty bad to end up like this.What, was he weak? Disloyal? Did he steal from the others? Listen, he was a good person.He was a good person? Yeah.That's right.I forgot.You don't speak ill of the dead.You don't speak ill of a fellow warrior.Chris White was a fellow warrior.He's buried in New Jersey, the land of his birth because that's what Marcus Aurelius told you to do.You see, we know all about Jojo and Mr.Aurelius.Frankie told us.Did you know that he was arrested earlier? If that had happened, he'd know what to do.- He wouldn't just nark on Jojo.- Oh, no.No, he told us how him and Jojo laid Chris in his grave.No.Frankie's a hero, just like Jojo.He would never turn his back on us.Jojo's a hero? How do you figure that? He's a sound engineer.No, no.I know his story.Jojo came from Cuba.His boat sank, and it was night.Everybody drowned except for Jojo.He made it because he's strong.He taught us how to be strong.- To be true? - Yes.He showed you by example.You would never betray him because he would never betray you.- Yes.The way of the warrior.- The way of the warrior.Well, it's nice to see kids studying the classics.And learning all the wrong lessons.Well, should we pick up a few more of Mr.Rios' disciples? Well, there's no point.I mean, we can't thr*aten them with anything more potent than what they're already afraid of.Afraid of falling short, as warriors, as men, in the eyes of their hero.All that's missing is w*r paint and a bonfire.The wild place inside every boy's heart.You know, Jojo knows that Well, he knows that every good hero needs a good story.I need to call the INS.I was going out to see a client about a booking.- You're lucky you caught me.- We're lucky that way.Well, we won't be long.It's about Frank Marino.What did you call him? Your apprentice? / Yeah.Frankie's a good kid.I hope he's not in trouble.Afraid so.We think he's mixed up with a ring of bicycle thieves.That's hard to believe.Well, what's worst is that when we were questioning him, he did something, well, inexplicable.He took cyanide.My God, that's He k*lled himself? Well, no.He botched it.He's still alive.He's at Methodist Hospital.We should be able to talk to him by tomorrow.That's good.I'm glad he's gonna make it.He might not be so glad.He's facing a couple m*rder charges for Sami Iberra and his father, Enrique.Yeah, he botched that, too.Yeah, I mean, I'm sure he wasn't planning on Sami's father, you know, running out of the park with his throat slit.Look, I'd be surprised if Frankie had anything to do with that.But then again, I don't really know what he does on his own time.Well, what he does is, I mean, you know, besides heisting bikes and - k*lling people - On his own time.- Do you mind? - Sorry.- That's expensive equipment.- Sure, sure.So sorry.What he does is he fills his mind with some kind of, you know, martial philosophy about warriors and loyalty, accepting death.That's what he talked about on the way to the hospital.You don't know anything about that? No.That's funny because we thought that it came from you, you know, along with the protein bars.I mean, even if I did believe all that stuff, these are hard-core street kids, you know? I mean, they wouldn't listen to a guy like me.Come on, you're being too modest.These kids look up to you.Where did you hear that from? Bennie Renato.He thinks you're a hero.That's crazy.You know, these are street kids.They're running a con on you.Well, no, I mean, Bennie, he seemed very sincere.Hey, he told us about your perilous crossing from Cuba.You know, your boat sank at night.Everyone drowned.I mean, except you.That's right.I told him that.So what? Why, because it's true, right? - Of course.- It was the Mariel boatlift.It was when Castro emptied his jails.You came over with your father.- Your father is a convicted r*pist.- That's a lie.Hey, not according to your INS file.Your boat, well, it didn't sink.And those people, nobody was lost at sea or The INS put your father in a detention center.They put you in a foster home and then in a group home until you were 17.Okay.Okay.- So I made up a story.- Well, not just any story.Well, it was, you know, a hero's story.I mean, you know, the child being plucked from the water.That's Moses with a little Jonah thrown in there.And then the orphan who grows up to be a great leader.That's Marcus Aurelius.You know what? I don't know what you're talking about.No? Marcus Aurelius.That warrior's creed? That loyalty unto death stuff? - You taught them that.- No.Look, I was new in the neighborhood.I had to make nice with the locals, so I let their kids hang out here.That's all.Oh, that's good for PR, I guess.I swear to God.And if I told them stories, Boy Scout crap, it was just talk.All that stuff about loyalty was just talk? Loyalty's fine as far as it goes, but if Frankie and Bennie did something illegal, that's not my responsibility.And if they're telling you something different, they're liars.So, you gave them some attention and a little advice and sent them on their way.That's all I did.And if they got into trouble, you know, themselves, they were on their own.I don't owe them a thing.Not even loyalty? Nothing.All right, Mr.Rios, I think we've wasted enough of your time talking about these punks.What are you doing? Did you take that CD out of there? - Hey man, the thing just popped out.- Yeah, the hell it did.You recorded me.You son of a bitch recorded me.- What's the big deal? It's not like - Now, you can't take that! That's my property, now you give it to me.What did you think you were gonna do with this, huh? I was gonna use it to see if any of the kids had illusions about how you felt about them.I told you, those dumb kids have got nothing to do with me.I'm surprised at you, Jojo.About what? Well, I mean, a guy like you on the cutting edge of sound recording technology, you know, thinking that we would resort to using a synthesizer to bug your sound studio.Especially when we have neat stuff like this.An omnidirectional microphone and transmitter all in one.You know, that broadcasts theater-quality sound through brick and soundproofing up to 100 yards away.You know, I can't believe you, Jojo.You know, I'm so stupid.What you think you heard, it was a trick.Listen, I heard, all right? So tell me, Jojo, what do we do now? To be true.What, do we be like Frankie? Tell me, what do we do to stay true? Yeah.I just want to tell them everything.Don't you dare! / Jojo Rios, you're under arrest for m*rder.No, no, no.Bennie, Bennie, Bennie! Listen to me.Listen to me! Listen.Listen, you're not stupid, Bennie.You're not stupid.You're a strong kid.You're a true kid.That book that you read about being a warrior, that was good.It's Jojo, man, he sent you on a battle that wasn't good.But you, you're true.And you're strong.You hear me? I hope they find a better role model for their kids.They could do worse than Sami's father.
