01x07 - The SuccessorQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/08/23 07:45Tibet 1863 For three years, you've done well to be disciplined in the Art of Mystics.Your reinforced Ripple respiration may carry you great distances.Only the most rigorous of Ripples remains to be taught, but I shall caution you once more, Zeppeli.Should you complete your training, your doom shall be sealed.Your course cannot be changed.You may forfeit the Art now, and lead your life anew, unbound by destruction.Lama Tong Pheti, define my destruction.Take my palm, and detail my death for me.When and where shall I succumb? Why would you want to know? I became a disciple of the Art of Mystics for the sole sake of combatting the coming evil.Should I learn the details of my death, and I shall be steeled for a short life.Only then, shall I acquiesce and acquire the final Ripple.And only then, may I be rend without regret.If so steeled, you are, for the suffering to come, then so be it! A child shall unseal an accursed chamber containing a wrathful revenant of yore.The injured lion, which is chained in this chamber, shall give way to powerful prides.Though you grant him the strength to be freed, you shall perish in a most pressing predicament.Barone Zeppeli Beware of the big bastard! Jojo, allow me to assist! The injured lion, who is chained in this chamber, shall give way to powerful prides.Sora kobore ochita futatsu no hoshi ga Once, two sh**ting stars descended from Heaven Hikari to yami noã€€minamo suikomareteyuku and flew straight into an ocean of emotion.From their impact, a ripple of strife exploded! hikiauyouni takanaru hamon One lead the path of pride under guidance from the Sun, hokori no michi wo yukumono ni taiyou no michibiki wo while the other strove for unbound ambition yabou no hate wo mezasu mono ni no matter the cost.ikenie wo furueru hodo kokoro moetsukiru hodo atsuku The star of the Sun, unwavering, burning with vigor, sono te kara hanate kodou radiates a courageous flame engulfing its entire being! karada minagiru yuuki de mayoi naki kakugo ni gassai wo Both stars ready to collide sono chi no sadame jojo For it's in the blood of all JoJos! Sorrowful Successor Episode The collar can't be budged! Tarkus k*lled 48 knights in this contest, but he has yet to show any tact in this trial! I know he has a trick or two! Come at me, cretins! Ye dare deter mine duel with "ripples?!" Ripples shan't flow through the fell of Tarkus! Be ye faint of heart, fool?! Bewilder that bugger, Barone! Take this, Tarkus! Tornado Overdrive! H-He leapt?! An aerial att*ck?! No, Barone! His chain's below you! Be taken by mine two-pronged tactic! Feel mine wrath! Leviathan's Loop! Ye both be strangled into silence! I-I cannot breathe I cannot channel the Ripple! Jo-! Jojo! Milord, dispatched, I have, thine two insects.Th-This This can't be happening! Mr.Joestar! Though thine neck be broken, this whelp ceases not his breath? I shall ease thine suffering! Jo Jojo! The half-man lives as well! I pass onto you the most rigorous of Ripples Jojo, take my lifeforce! Jojo! See our crusade through to the very end! Ultimate Overdrive of Salvation! Jojo I've channeled every ounce of my lifeforce into you! B-Barone Barone Zeppeli! Ye accursed cretins! Be smote by mine sole! H-How dare you! Mr.Joestar trapped Tarkus up the chain! Barone Zeppeli's Ripple rebuilt his ruined neck! Buffoon! Ye dare to crush the collar?! Ye mere man mayn't mar it! Though Milord bestowed great strength unto me, even I mayn't mar the metal! I shall terminate you, Tarkus! Mr.Joestar! Impossible! You are no heroic knight of either honor or chivalry! You are naught but a sl*ve to Dio's evil and treachery! I-Incredible! He's got the strength of ten spitfires, even! Mr.Joestar has completely changed! Barone Zeppeli channeled his lifeforce through his last Ripple! Their Ripple powers have combined into one! Tarkus.I shall smite your being to ashes, and your wretched soul shall be swift to follow! May you rest eternal, in the annals of history! Ye dare to belittle mine honor, ye scornful squire?! You have no honor! He's dead! Barone Zeppeli! Barone! How How could this happen?! How, Barone How could we even hope to continue this crusade without you?! Jojo! Do-Don't be a dense disciple! We have no time for tears! Yo-You don't need Leave me here, and go defeat Dio Destroy the stone mask Barone! Brief as my life was, I regret nothing.I was once married, and even had a family.But I left them, in pursuit of the stone mask.I knew I had done wrong, and yet I regret nothing.I embraced my fate of a short life Now, I've shared with you both my story.But Jojo.You are my only hope for humanity! Barone To me, you are a dear friend and beloved son.I'll always be with you.Now, and forever.Cia-! In the 19th Century, there was an English novelist known as William M.Thackeray who once said, "To love and win is the best thing, to love and lose is the next best." Jojo had lost his master, but he gained Zeppeli's story and spirit.Rest in peace, Barone Zeppeli.I-I beg of you! Please, spare my child's life! So if I may, Madam, allow me to clarify your request.You would willingly join my horde, on the condition that I spare the child.Is that correct? Please, just spare my baby boy! No more tears, please.How touching.Very well.Neither I nor my horde shall harm your child.I'll cross my heart, even.I must note though, Madam, my loyal servants surrendered their mortality to me in exchange for immortality, but would you not want your child to have to same? You both would be together, forever, without any mortal quarrel for all eternity.Please, just spare my baby boy! Spare him! Have it your way.My beautiful baby boy! I kept my word, Madam, but perhaps you should've chosen yours better.Now, your beautiful baby became your banquet.Mr.Joestar's wearing a solemn scowl now.His emotions are eclipsed in that shadow.We're all in the same boat.We're all trying to keep our emotions bottled up.But only after we've defeated Dio can we cry and curse! Mr.Joestar.Dio said that he'd transform all of Wind Knight's Road within the span of a night.If his zombies start infecting others, we'll have a plague to oppose.Is the township safe? Is anyone even alive in Wind Knight's Road? I hope Peggy and the others are okay We make haste! Mr.Adams! Poco, just what in God's name are you doing out so late?! Mr.Adams, have you seen Peggy? A-Are the town and its people okay?! "Okay?" It's pretty far from "okay!" It's bollocks! I got locked in yer barn after breaking my back all day! I suppose the township is still safe.Then we have to hurry! Thank you, Mr.Adams! Wee children I love the warm blood of wee children! He's already been turned! Catch me if you can! If he's been turned, then so has- The townspeople.There are zombies scattered about the countryside.Another zombie, are you?! I am Dire.A lunge of lackluster legerity! I have your head! Lightning Pincer Lunge! Y-You're quite peculiar! Normally, my opponents would've pulled their head back, but you did quite the contrary by hitting my head with yours! Desist, Jonathan Joestar.I am a mortal human.Pardon my surprise, but I wanted to test the techniques of Barone Zeppeli's disciple.You know Barone Zeppeli?! Aye.Our friendship spans 20 years now, from the time we were disciplined in the Art of Mystics by our master and Lama, Tong Pheti.Indeed.I am Straits.Read this.A letter? Who sent it? Barone Zeppeli?! Indeed.Zeppeli sent that, requesting our assistance.After he discovered the location of the stone mask and its proprietor, Zeppeli wrote to us, detailing your current predicament.Meet our Lama, Tong Pheti.Greeeetings.So you are Barone Zeppeli's master, Lama Tong Pheti? For disciples of Mystics, greetings require no contact.This is our greeting.If I may, might I inquire Zeppeli's whereabouts? So, Zeppeli has already embraced his fate.Were we to have arrived sooner, his fate would've still been the same.Tell me, is this "Dio" so overwhelming a foe to face? I ponder if that diabolical and wicked lifeforce from yonder is his own.Wind Knight's Road became mine long before the eve's end I'll be the round about The words will make you out 'n' out I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley The muses dance and sing They make the children really ring I'll spend the day your way Call it morning driving through the sound and In and out the valley..In and around the lake Mountains come out of the sky and they stand there One mile over we'll be there and we'll see you Ten true summers we'll be there and Laughing too Twenty four before my love you'll see I'll be There with you Next Time I have you now, fool! I, Straits, shall spare you no mercy! I shall bring the axe upon your head, Dio! Then do it, Jojo! Episode Jojo & Dio's Battle of Blood
