02x38 - The Guardian of Hell, Pet Shop, Part 1QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/11/23 08:49Previously onJojo's Bizarre Adventure...  So the buildingin the picture, huh?  I've been repairing roofs in Cairofor over    years,  and I've never seena place like this.  My daughter's much worse.  She has three, maybe four days.  I can feel it.  Dio is near.  Let's go.   We'll find him.We'll talk to everyone we can.   Man, it's scorching out here today.   I haven't had a showerin nearly two days.   It's ruiningmy gorgeous good looks.   What's the matter, jerk? You havesome kind of problem with me?   Not too bright there, eh?   I'm telling you to move!   What's a foreigner like you doingsitting here like some beggar?   Who told you to sit here?   Ah, you're a beggarfrom a foreign land.   It isn't much, but...   Hey, this is...   You bastard! How dare you?   This is supposed to bemy turf, damn it!   Your turf?   Polnareff!   Don't sit there.   Give that money to him.   So he's a beggar?   Excuse my friend.   He's not accustomedto the rules of this town.   Well, why didn't you just tell meyou're a beggar?   Cause that's my shtick!I'm a mute beggar!   There's a beggars'association here.   Beggars have their own areaswhere they are paid to sit and beg.   It may seem strange,   but their own rules helpkeep everything in order.   Huh!   Tsk! You bruised my ego!   I wonder if I'll make more money   if I just disguise myselfas a foreign beggar.   Well, there's always tomorrow.   By the way,I thought you looked familiar.   You're Avdol, the fortune teller.   I heard you fled to Japan'cause someone was trying to k*ll you.   Actually,I've been looking for you.   You know everything there isto know about this area,   so I wanted to ask you a favor.   You'll be well rewarded.   We need to find this building.   And we're short on time.   Well, that's enough workfor one day.   I'll find that mansion in three hours.Wait right there.   By the way, did anyone see Iggy?    EPISODE   : THE GUARDIAN OF HELL,PET SHOP, PART     It's a definite match.   That's the place.   And just in two hours.   There's nothingI can't find in this city.   Huh?   Meanwhile,Iggy thought to himself...   That bird is a Stand userjust like me.   It made that giant piece of iceand k*lled 'em.   He's protecting that place.   It kills anyonewho gets close to the mansion.   And that bird's...   gonna come after me next!   From very early in their history,   the ancient Egyptians recognizedthe prowess of the noble falcon   soaring high above the Nile valley.   They trained the birdas their hunting partner,   and considered ita representation of Horus,   guardian deity of the royal family.   Capable of spotting preyseveral kilometers away,   the falcon's eye is symbolizedby the Eye of Horus,   an emblem of protectionand royal power.   This is Pet Shop,   wielder of the Stand Horus,god of the sky.   Iggy wondered.   Looks like I just stumbled onDio's mansion,   that place Jotaro was looking for.   And it used its Stand to make   that giant hunk of ice.   It's a guard dog,I mean a guard bird.   You've got to be kidding me!   I couldn't care lessabout this Dio guy.   I was dragged here,   forced to be some allyto the Joestars!   Like hell I'm gonnafight this thing!   All I want is a little r-and-r,a girl of my own,   and some place to settle down.I don't wanna hurt anybody!   'Sides, if I fight this freakn bird,what's in it for me?   I'm not putting my lifeon the line here!   Time to playthe old "dumb dog" routine.   He'll never guess I haveanything to do with those guys!   Those eyes...   You can never tellwhat a bird's thinking.   I bet my Stand could b*at him.   Then again, there's a real good reasonI'm making a fool of myself.   I've got nothing to do with Jotaroand those other guys!    Go back to your mansion,you damn bird!    That bird.    What's with that bird?It's not moving!    It's too late!    I'm gonna run it over!    What was that bird?    It flew under this car?It's so low!    It didn't even tryto get out of the way.    It dove right under.    Crazy bastard!    Looks like he's lostinterest in me, for now.    Seems he att*cksonly when someone tries to get inside.    Even so,if Jotaro finds this place,    he'll have a hell of a time.    Well, that's their problem.    Tiny! Buch!    Where are you guys?    Hey, have you seen my two dogs?    They're Tiny and Buch.    Shut up! Don't ask me! I'm a dog.    I can't talk.What are you stupid?    That collar!    That's Tiny's collar!    Why's his collar under the gate?    And there's blood on it!    Tiny and Buch?    Is he talking about those big dogs?    Tiny! Buch!    Hey, he better not...    He better not be thinkingabout getting under that gate?    It'll m*rder him!    Tiny! Buch! Are you there?    This isn't my problem.    I don't really careif some human kid dies.    Survival of the fittest,as they say.    The stupid die.    And so do peoplewho don't think before they act.    I don't want any trouble.    So long, kid!    Tiny! Buch! Where are you?    Come back!    It's eating my precious dogs! No!    Good grief.    I do sorta have a soft spot    for kid dog lovers!     HORUSPET SHOP    Tiny! Buch!    Damn it! Guess...    I'll have to take care of this.    The moment had finally come.    Pet Shop was onto Iggy's Stand abilities.    Bring it on, bird!I'll slaughter you!    A falcon can dive at speedsof over     kilometers per hour,    making it the fastest animalon the planet.    It rips out its prey's vital organswith razor-sharp talons,    and can preciselytarget its victims,    even at its trademark speed.    What the?Did he just smirk at me?    I thought I just saw the cornersof his beak creep up.    Birds can smile?    What the?    Something's majorly wrong.    The air, it's suddenly frigid.    Ice is coming out of the ground!    Crap!    I was too busy looking up.My feet are stuck!    My Stand's feet are stuck too!    Crap!    Icicles?    Come on, Avdol.    Do you really think that guycan find Dio's mansion?    If not, no one can.    No one knows Cairo's complex mazeof streets better than he does.    Be patient. Have faith.    You say that,    but we looked for three days,with no luck.    I don't see how finding it inthree hours is remotely possible.    You're becoming tedious, Polnareff.    Could you try to gainsome composure?    Look we're all on edge.    All we can do nowis talk to the locals.    Jeez. To top it all off,Iggy's nowhere to be seen.    Where the hell didthat stupid mutt run off to?    Iggy's a loner by nature.    I'm sure he's close by.He'll show up eventually.    Aren't dogs supposed to light upand wag their tails with glee    when they see humans?    And here we are stuckwith the little cynic.    I managed to get away.    That thing's ice took the skinright off my paws.    Damn it!    I knew I should've letthat human kid fix his own problems.    That bird's Stand is no joke.    That was no ordinary ice.    He's not showing all his cards.    I better get the hell out of here.    Talk about holding a grudge!    Iggy disappeared.    Where did he go?    Damn it!    That bastard doesn't hold back.    He's only a bird.    This place reeks,but it'll have to do for now.    I have to keep quiet and hide outdown here until he gives up.    What's up with this bird?    Hey.    Don't underestimate me.    What, you think you just k*lled    is actually my shapeshifting Stand,the Fool!    Gotcha! Bird brain!    Looks like you're losinga lot of blood there.    You might wanna keep still.    I don't give a rat's assabout you or your master Dio.    Let's just call this a draw.    You got a few good hits on mewith those ice missiles,    so we're even, okay?    What the hell?    Does he think he's Bruce Leeor something?    Hey! I said I'll stay awayfrom your boss's mansion!    Let's stop this already. Okay?    So that's whatyour Stand looks like?    You stopped the bleedingby freezing it?    Crap!    He blocked the exit with icewhen I wasn't looking!    The ice is coming this way!    sh*t!    It's starting to cover the tunnel!    I've got to get out of here!    It blocked this exit, too!    He's locked onto me!    He's insane!    He's not relentless!    He's a hunting machine!    And if he catches me,he won't just k*ll me.    He'll eat me alive!    What? My foot!    I can't get my foot out!    -Man, this is really not my day!-That stupid dog.    That birdbrain is reallypissing me off.    It wouldn't be strangeif there was a Stand user    in charge of guarding the mansion.    I'm gonna have to do this!    If I don'the's going to k*ll me!
