02x39 - The Guardian of Hell, Pet Shop, Part 2QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/11/23 08:56Previously onJojo's Bizarre Adventure...  Crap!  He blocked the exit with icewhen I wasn't looking!  The ice is coming this way!  sh*t!  It's starting to cover the tunnel!  I've got to get out of here!  What? My foot!  I can't get my foot out!    EPISODE   : THE GUARDIAN OF HELL,PET SHOP, PART      Hey, the sun's about to set.   Three hours, my ass.   Guess that cocky beggar   never did find Dio's mansionlike he said he would.   Eh, Avdol?   I just had a disturbing thought:   I'm beginning to hopehe hasn't found the mansion.   It's very possiblehe hasn't returned   because he did find it.   Hey!   I have a sinking feelingthat a Stand user is guarding Dio's lair.   We may have put that beggar's lifein grave danger.   Ah, come on!   My leg...   The ice caught my pawlike a bear trap.   I would've been dead meatif I hadn't gnawed it off.   I'll hide here for a while.   I have to hideand get him off my tail!   The Speedwagon Foundationcan make me an artificial leg.   Now I'm pissed!Damn bird!   You're not getting away with this!   I'm gonna make you pay!Just you wait!   That sound!   Something just dove into the water!   No, it can't be!   Birds are capableof plunging into water.   Like any human or canine,a bird has lungs to breathe.   But the average bird also hassome five to six air sacs   in its chest and stomach.   The air sacs allow a bird   to fly and remain consciouswhere a human could not   at altitudesof six to seven thousand meters.   Even when strangled,   a bird can survivefor several minutes   thanks to its internal air reserves.   Which means a bird can stayunderwater much longer than a dog!   Something's diving this way!   That's impossible!   I can't believe it.   It's heading right for me!   Is it? It can't be!   It's that bird!   How can a bird survive underwater!   That bastard, where'd he go?   He's closing in!He's going to att*ck again!   More icicles. One, two, three.   Three are coming this way!   Right back at ya!   I did it. How do you like that?   The wall isn't leaking anymore.   The icicle's baseis freezing the wall!   What now?   I know what he's up to.   He's freezing the water   all around me!   And he severed my air pipes!   He's not trying to suffocate me.   He's trying to bury me alive!   It's no use.It's gonna collapse!   It's too powerful!I can't hold him off!   I'm surrounded by iceand freezing water!   Damn it!   So much for a decent hiding place!   I'm just going to haveto dig my way out.   Man, today is really not my day!   I lose my leg,   and some psychotic demon bird wantsme flattened and flash frozen!   I can't hold him off anymore.I'm going to be crushed.   I need to dig myself out, pronto!   Huh?   What's that? Some kind of cave?   It's the bird!   He's gonna sh**t an ice m*ssile!   Crap! My Stand is behind me!   There's no way I can defend myself.   Nowhere to escape!   That's it!There's no other way.   It's do or die!   I'll let the dome break   on purpose!   The air pressure will catapult me!   I did it. I finished him off.   Damn bird got what he deserved.   But I'm done for.   I've lost a ton of blood.   I don't have the strengthto swim to shore.   I'm gonna drown.   I was supposed to livea trouble-free life.   Damn it,    I goofed up.    I can't believe it!    I was passing by and saw youstruggling in the river.    That bird got you, didn't it?Just like he got my dogs.    You'll be okay.    The bird is gone.    You can't die! Hang in there!    I'll patch you right up.    "That bird": Pet Shop.    Stand: Horus.Status: Deceased.     HORUSPET SHOP    Damn that Iggy!Where the hell did he go?    He's gotta stop doing this!    I'm worried.He's been gone a while.    That stupid mutt!    What's the matter, Jotaro?    So someone is following us.    No I thought I heard a voice.Like someone calling us.    A voice?    Iggy?    Iggy!    What happened to you?    He's got injuries all over!    Hey! He's missing his front leg!    Did he get run over by a car?    He's not the kind of dogthat gets into car accidents.    You were att*cked,weren't you, Iggy?    Looks like someonetreated his wounds.    They did an incredible job.    It wasn't Iggy that I heard.    It was definitely a human.    It appears Iggy had a run-inwith the enemy.    We saw a boy holding him.He was half-dead.    The doctors from the SpeedwagonFoundation tended to his wounds.    Just like...    my eyes.    You're...    Kakyoin!    It's Kakyoin! Hey!    Kakyoin, how are your eyes?    I'm glad you're all safe.    We missed you!    Were they able to treat you?    Yes. I'm fine now.    I've got a few scars,but my eyesight is back to normal.    Thank goodness.    Jotaro.    Hey, Iggy.Where are you going now?    He may've been indifferenttoward humans and Stands before,    but it looks like he's tryingto lead us somewhere.    I don't know what happenedbetween him and the enemy Stand,    but now,I'd say it's a matter of revenge.    Just where is he taking us?    Hey, Iggy, hold on.    That car!    It's the same fancy carthat beggar was driving.    This wreckage is...    What did this?    There's a huge hole,    like some gigantic pillartore through the windshield.    It's just as I feared.    I knewwe shouldn't have asked him.    Could this be the workof the Stand user    that Iggy possibly encountered?    There seems to be little doubt.    Iggy!    Hey, what is this?    I'm in a cold sweatall of a sudden.    I feel this oppressive doom.    Where's Iggy trying to take us?    I know this feeling.    This aura of evil.    This mansion.    The one from the picture.    Iggy! You were able to find it!    What lay before them was somethingmore evil and more sinister    than anything Jotaro and the othershad encountered before.    Finally,the source of their predicament,    the very embodiment of evil,their destiny, was within grasp.    The path that had led themhere was long.    Mysterious foreign lands    and treacherous Stand-usingassassins met them at every step.    Every battle wasa struggle for survival.    And the journey touched everyone.    There were tears, and there waslaughter, sadness, and rage.    There was joy.    Nearly    days has passedsince the team left Japan    on their quest to saveJotaro's mother, Holly.    All to defeat Dio.All to end the hundred-year curse.    Joseph was determined.    He was going to savehis daughter, Holly.    And nothing was goingto get in his way.    Kakyoin remained resolute.    He would defeat Dio,    not only to save Holly,but to overcome his own weaknesses.    Avdol was steadfast.    He considered it his dutyto locate and root out evil    wherever it lurked,wherever it thrived.    Polnareff was unwavering.    He would make Dio pay.    Pay for turning him intoone of Dio's puppets.    And pay for making himgo against his own principles.    Iggy was furious.    He knew Dio, the bastard,    was why he was caught upin all this absurdity.    And he was goingto make him pay.    And...    So, in other words, if we b*atthe sh*t out of Dio in there,    it will all be over.    He's here. This scent of evil,there's no doubt    he's inside the mansion!    Which means that we...    ...have finally reachedthe end of our journey.    Are you ready?    The gate's open.    We can just walk in?    It was closed yesterday.    Just as I can sense him,he can sense us.    Entering this mansionwould be like walking into a trap.    Now...    What do we do now?    The door is opening! Stay on guard!    Hey, look at this corridor.It looks like it goes on forever.    It can't be real.    It must be some kind oftrick or illusion    Polnareff,don't go through that door.    Dio's probably got one or twoStand users left to fight us.    What the?Something's coming this way!    What is he? Is he a Stand user?    Welcome.    Master Joestar,we've been expecting you.    I am the butler of this house.    Allow me to wager    that Star Platinum's first att*ckagainst me will...    Jotaro, blast him!    Take that corner at full throttle!    If we don't defeat you,we won't be able to proceed.    Exactly! That is indeed correct.
