02x23 - High Priestess, Part 1QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/11/23 08:40Previously onJojo's Bizarre Adventure...  Tum-ta-da-da!  Here he is!  That sly bastard Avdolwas still alive!  Doo-do-doo!  Mr. Joestar and Jotarowere the ones  who tended to the woundson my head back in India.  I also had Avdoldo some shopping for me.  From here on out,we're riding to Egypt in this!   You've got to be kidding!How'd you afford this?    EPISODE   :THE HIGH PRIESTESS, PART     The Red Sea.   It's what diversacross the globe have called   the most beautiful seain the world.   Flanked on the east and westby desert,   it was once believed to besurrounded by crimson sands.   Today, it's generallack of pollution   and inflowing river watermake its waters pristine.   Avdol, do you knowhow to steer this thing?   Tsk.It's no problem whatsoever.   And Avdol's not the only one!   Don't even think about it.   You're not putting usthrough another crash.   You sure seem to bein a foul mood!   So this is a submarine...   I have to say, I'm a bit surprised.   It's a lot more spaciousthan I expected.   Isn't it? Rich folks use them whenthey want to get away for a while   and explore the sea floorfor pleasure.   As you see, it even has windows.   -Oh! Nice!-Whoa there!   You know, I've always sort ofliked this kind of thing.   Though, I wish I could'veridden in one with a cute girl...   Once again,you haven't changed, Polnareff.   Can you try just this onceto take things seriously?   What's that?   This is sonar.   It uses reflected sound waves   to detect underwater objects,like radar.   Wow...   All clear.   I'm not picking up anythingin our vicinity.   With this machine, we can detectanyone trying to att*ck us,   from any direction.   But if someone didatt*ck us in here,   we'd have nowhere to run.   Don't forget, we are    metersbelow sea level.    It is amazing...   But I guess it isa cruiser for the wealthy.   It has a refrigerator,coffee maker...   It's even equipped withthe latest in satellite phones.   Hey, Kakyoin, get me a drinkwhile you're up, will ya?   I'm dying of thirst here.   -I'll take one, too.-All right.   Is cola okay?   Old man.   Why are you just standing there?   Men, I need you to give mea moment of quiet.   I just remembered I need tomake a phone call.   A phone call? To where?   Who would you need to callfrom all the way down here?   Someone important, I assure you.   You might even call ita delicate matter.   Again, I need you all to be quiet.   Oh, heaven's me...Which one should I pick?   The sparkly designis much more to my liking,    but is it appropriate forthe charity event tomorrow?   Perhaps a refreshing whitewould be better...   Oh, what do you think, Rosas?   Both of the gownslook lovely on you, Madam.   Coming!   Hello?   Oh, Joseph, darling, it's you!   Where have you been?And where are you calling from?   It's a bit...   hard to hear you.   Right, sorry... I'm at a hotel.   I hate to say it, but...   I have to attend someunexpected business that's come up.   Oh, goodness. It must be difficult   traveling to another countryright after going to Japan...   It's been nearly a month,hasn't it?   Yes. I'm sorry.   By the way, Suzie...   Have you spoken to Holly?   Yes, I just spoke to heron the phone yesterday.   She mentioned catching a cold   that's developed intoa bout of pneumonia.   She tried convincing meit's not serious,   but I think I might visit her.   No, don't. There's no need for that.   I'm positive she'llrecover quickly.   -You're such a worrywart...-This is what he meant by "delicate"?   Indeed. Madam Joestar   is still as effervescent as ever.   So he checks in now and again   to ensure she doesn't visitMiss Holly in Japan.   That way she's protected from the truth.   Are you saying that she...?    I am.    She hasn't been told anything.    We needn't worry her unnecessarily.    There's nothing to worry about.    Well, if you say so....    All right, I understand!    I'll hold off on going to Japan!    By the way, Joseph,I have something I need to ask you.    I'm having difficultydeciding between    the white dress and the purple one...    Is that so?Suzie, I need to speak to Rosas.    -What?-Madam.    Have you considered wearingyour blue dress?    I think it's inthe back of the closet.    That's right.I'll go and have a look.    Hello, Master Joseph. It's me.    Where's Suzie?    She's left the room, sir.    She won't overhearour conversation now.    I see...    Actually, I'm callingfrom the submarine    we spoke of a while back.    Then I take it you were successfulin reuniting with Master Avdol?    Yes.    Now then, tell me abouthow Holly's doing.    Have you gotten hold of the doctorsfrom the Speedwagon Foundation?    Well, actually...    On the phone, Miss Holly saysshe has nothing more than a cold.    She is quite insistent...    But her condition worsensby the day.    Master Joseph!    Don't you think the time has cometo tell Madam Joestar the truth?    No.    There's no needto get her riled up.    We are going to putan end to all this very soon.    I want Holly to go back    to her normal life.    Don't inform my wife of what'sgoing on under any circumstances.    I'll call again soon.    If that is what you wish.    I pray for your safe return.    Oh, Rosas, did you hang up already?I wasn't finished talking to him!    Oh, Madam...    It's no matter.Why don't we have some tea?    You will join me for a cup,won't you, Rosas?    -Oh?-Madam!    Don't trouble yourself.Allow me to serve the tea to you.    Really?    I'm sorry you have to do that,Mr. Joestar.    But you can rest easy,'cause we're right here behind you.    We'll be in Egyptbefore you know it!    We must defeat Dioas soon as we can,    and save Miss Holly from his curse.    I have returned from the brink,for this very reason!    Thanks, you guys, really.    Driving this isactually pretty easy!    Guess that's how you weremaking it look so simple, Avdol.    For Pete's sake!    Hey, don't get so carried away!    The sea is riddledwith potential hazards!    Yeah, yeah.    All right!Let's speed this tub up a b--    Polnareff!    I had nothing to do with that!    I'm so tired.Tell me we're almost there...    One, two, three, four, five...    Oh, exactly five cups in here.    Hey!    Hurry up and make the coffee, man!I want some now!    Make it yourself!    Good news! I've just spottedthe coast of Africa!    We'll be there soon!    Near this coral reef,    lies a natural undersea channel.    The exit istwo hundred meters inland.    We can surface there.    We've finally made it to Egypt.    It took long enough.    So this is Egypt...    Yes, we have arrived.    -What's so funny?-Nothing.    I'm just feeling sort of happy,that's all.    It's been a whilesince the five of us    were all gatheredtogether like this.    Hey, Kakyoin.    Why'd you grab six cupsfor five people?    That's peculiar.I guess I didn't notice.    I could have sworn it was five...    -Wh---What?    -Old man!-Mr. Joestar!    Impossible!    It's a Stand!    I don't know how,but it managed to sneak on board!    -Now it's gone!-No, it didn't!    It transformed!    It disguised itselfas one of the gauges!    Just like with the coffee cup!    Come again?    The coral reef!    And we were a few     metersfrom reaching Egypt!    Luckily, it looks like Mr. Joestarwas only knocked unconscious.    The problem is his hand.    The phone?    Who'd be calling us now?    Ignore it, Polnareff!    We have to stay focused!    It's the High Priestess.    Our enemy is using a deadly Standcalled The High Priestess.    So you know it well?    Somewhat.    The name of this particularStand user is Rose.    She has the ability to controlher Stand from far away,    so she's most likely on land.    What's its power?    It can turn into almostany inanimate object,    as long as it comes from a mineral.    Plastics, metal, glass, or vinyl.    There's no way to recognize it,until it decides to att*ck.    But how'd it sneak aboardin the first place?    I get it now,so that's how it did it.    How simple...It cut a hole and moseyed on in?    The ballast tanks are damaged!    We're sinking even faster!    Not to mention we're losing oxygen!    We can't go on like this!    Shut up! Whoever's callinghas horrible timing!    Jotaro?    Hey! Anything we touchcould be the--    Hi again, Joseph, it's me!    We weren't finished withour conversation,    so I made Rosas give me the number.    Why aren't you speaking?    Come to think of it, what's withall the ruckus over there?    Is that a... siren I'm hearing?    And that running water...Is your bathtub overflowing?    Sorry, but the old mancan't come to the phone.    I know that voice... Is that you...    Jotaro? Where's Joseph?    You should be in Japan.    Why are you with your grandfather?    Jotaro, answer me!    There's nothin' to worry about,Grandma Suzie.    He'll be fine.I'm right here with him.    Later.    We'll call backonce things calm down.    Jotaro!    Brace yourselves!We're about to hit the bottom!    Oh my God!    I knew this would happen!    Every vehicle we usegets destroyed!    I'm never riding ina submarine again.    HIGH PRIESTESSROSE    How strange...    I was getting through a moment ago.    It's as thoughthe line's suddenly gone dead.    But...    And why was Jotaro...    Hey, the oxygen'sgetting thin in here.    Kakyoin.    Did you catchwhich one of the gauges    the Stand merged with?    It looked likeit turned into this one.    That's not it! Jotaro!    It's already moved!    It's right behind Kakyoin!    Hierophant Green!    Kakyoin!    Everyone, head for the door!    It's traveling acrossthe machines' surface!    You say that, but...    If we stay in this room,    there's a very good chancewe won't survive!    Kakyoin, are you all right?    Yes...    Everyone, get to the next room!    We'll seal the room off,and trap it inside!    There's no way!    It already moved to the doorand transformed into the wheel...    I have to let gobefore it's too late!    Its claws wereable to slice through    Mr. Joestar's prosthetic hand...    What?    Yes! We got it!    That was close...    Apparently, our little friend hereisn't as fast as Star Platinum.    So, what should we do with it?    Jotaro, what are you waiting for!    Show no mercy!    Hurry up andrip its little head off!    Aye-aye, sir.    That bastard...    It turned into a freakin' razor!    Damn...    It's strong!    I can't believeit outsmarted Jotaro!    What an enemy...    What the hell is going on?    Whatever's happening here,I'm pretty sure we're in a pinch.    Shut up, old man!    The beast will att*ck usif we touch it.    Meaning we must useour Stands instead!    Magician's Red!    Silver Chariot!    It's a tough one!    Chariot's rapiercan't pierce its armor!    Pick up the pace!    We have to att*ckbefore it gets away!    Everyone, stand back!    There's still someoxygen over here.    It's going to run out soon!    -Are you all right?-Yeah.    Forget it, Jotaro!It'll only transform again.    We're taking on water fast,so we need to trap that thing!    We'll figure outhow to fight it then!    Know that it'll be Jotaro Kujo    who'll hammer youinto a bloody pulp.    What did you say?    Jotaro, why in the hell would youanswer a call from Suzie?    Damn it... You reallyshouldn't have done that!    Whatever....    We'll talk about itwhen we get out of this mess.    Leave everything to me!    Do you have a plan?    You bet... And it's a brilliant one.    Joseph Joestar has gotten throughsituations like this    more than once in his life!    I can't begin to understand whyJotaro is with Joseph?    Has Joseph said anything?    No, Ma'am...    Though... My heart jumped with joyto hear that boy's voice.    I heard he's beenquite the handful,    but deep down he's a sweet childwho cares very much for his family.    I'm sure he's helping Josephas much as he can.    Yes, Madam.    Master Jotaro and Master Josephare most likely    in the midst of battlinga common enemy as we speak.    They're fightingto save Miss Holly,    someone very dear to them,    from a curse of unbridled evil.    What do we do now?    I have a feelingthat devil of a Stand    isn't really the one trapped here.    Sooner or later, that monster'llcut its way out of that room    and catch up to us!    Being sealed off withall this machinery    makes us sitting ducks in here!    The submarine is done for!    We need to abandon ship and escape!    We'll have to findsome other way to Egypt!    We're    meters below sea level!    It doesn't sound that bad,    but how are we supposed toget out of here?    We're really gonna scuba dive?    I've never done anything like this...    Hurry everyone!Suit up on the double!    Good grief.    I just realized I won't be able tosuit up in time    with this busted hand.    Help me out, Jotaro.    Do it yourself.    First of all,make sure not to panic.    The ocean floor is so beautiful...    If it's OK, you'll do this...    If we're in trouble, do this.    I think I'd like to seeyour face sometime.
