02x18 - The SunQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/11/23 08:37How could this have happened?  I can't believe...  I can't believewe totally fell for it.  Having managed to haltThe Lovers' invasive att*ck,  Jotaro and company avoid  the political unrestin Iran and Iraq,  and instead crossthe Arabian Sea at Karachi  to arrive atthe United Arab Emirates.   Now then, if you'd be so kindas to sign this document,   everything will besquared away, sir.   Right here, yes?   You know, if a pretty girl like youasked me to,   I might even be inclinedto buy a car.   My, aren't you sweet.   How'd you feel about the two of usgetting dinner sometime?   Polnareff, I hate to interruptwhen you're obviously so busy, but...   Mister Joestar!   Come on, it's time to leave.   Seriously!Try not to mess with the hair!   Do you know how hard it isto look this good?   As if anybody caresabout your hairdo.   You're driving.   Righto.   Bye, Mademoiselle.   But Mister Joestar,I don't get why we're riding in   such a fancy, expensive carin this sandy death trap.   Wouldn't an off-road vehiclebe better?   You'll find out soon enough.   Wow, this country's amazing!   It's like every house issome kind of crazy mansion.   Indeed.   In Tokyo, you'd needthree to four billion yen   to buy one of these.   This is the standard of livingin this country.   It wasn't but twenty years agothat this place was a barren desert.   Though, thanks toa thriving oil industry,   it's grown intoa playground for the rich.   That sun may be merciless,   but it sure is nice and coolin here with the air-conditioning.   Not too shabby.   Oh?   What's wrong, Kakyoin?   It's nothing.   I was just thinking abouthow open the landscape is here.   If anyone were after us,I'm sure we'd spot them.   But I just can't shake the feelingthat someone's watching us.   Yeah, can't say that I blame you.   Well, back to business.   I've given a bit of thoughtto the route we should take.   About a hundredkilometers northwest   is a village called Yarpline.   The desert and mountains   make taking a direct routenear impossible.   It takes two days to reach by car,   so the locals usea Cessna to get there.   We should go to the villageand buy a Cessna,   then we can crossthe vast Saudi Arabian desert.   You know,I've been apprehensive about   getting anywhere near a plane.   If a Stand user att*cked,and the plane went down,   we'd be puttinginnocent lives at risk.   With a Cessna,I could be the pilot.   We'd be able to savesome time for sure.   Flying in a Cessna with a manwho's been in three plane crashes.   Yeah, that sound's likea perfect idea to me.   That comment notwithstanding...   Our priority should becrossing the desert   and hightailing itto the village of Yarpline.   It'll take one day on camel-back.   Camel-back?   A Cessna's one thing,but on camel-back?   I've never riddena camel in my life!   Leave it to me.   I know these creatures well.I'll show you the ropes.   You boys sit backand watch the magic happen.   You want camels, you say?   Sure, but they're gonnacost you my friend.   And they need a gentle touch.   We're kind ofin a life-or-death situation here,   so we need them,whatever it takes.   As for payment,how about a trade for that car?   What?   I couldn't possibly acceptsuch an offer, sir.   Yeah, Mister Joestar!   Besides, you literallyjust bought that car!   What other reasondo you think I had   to buy such a fancy, expensive car?   It's true an off-road vehiclewould perform better here.   But we can't justwrite a check here.   And cash isn't normally accepted.   No, here,trading is far more effective.   If you try to buy safety for cheapin a time of emergency,   you'll find yourselfeven worse off in the end.   Well, it just meanswe've suffered a lot already.   -Hey, Mister.-Huh?   I take it we have a deal?   Oh, you know what?   To even things out a bit,   how bout you give me the waterin those tanks there, too.    It's the most important thingwhen you're in the desert.    But the water isn't nearlyas valuable as your car, sir.    You are very strange indeed, sir.    All right, everyone.Let's get ready.    Crossing the desertwill be no easy task.    Brace yourselves men!    That stinks!    Hey, Mister Joestar.    How the heckdo you ride these things?    It's, like, three meters tall.    So with camels...    You make them sit first,and then get on.    You make them sit first,and then get on.    You make them sit, then get on!    Give me a minute.He'll sit, just you wait.    Hey! Sit down would you!    Damn it, this one's stubborn!    You have riddenone of these before, right?    I will have you know I've watched    Lawrence of Arabia three times,start to finish!    I know all too wellhow to ride a camel!    Though, two of those times,I slept through half of it...    You learned to ride from a movie?    What?    You've never actually ridden one?    The saliva makes great sunscreen!The more you know!    Listen up.    When you're handling an animal,    it's imperative to understandexactly how it feels.    And I mean exactly!    Here, doesn't this yummy applelook scrumptious?    It's really good!    Come on, come on.    There's a good boy.    You see?I made the camel sit down!    If you take the time to get insideits head, it'll sit down for you!    I did it!    It's so high off the ground!    And did you know camels can closetheir nostrils to keep sand out?    And before I forget.    You're forbidden from makingdumb camel jokes!    All right.    Now for the finer pointsof riding a camel.    Listen up.    Camels don't walkanything like horses.    The front and back legon either side move forward together,    so these things can sway a lot.    Find a way to ridewith the camel's rhythm,    and you'll be just fine.    For example!    Hey, wait! You're going too fast!    Listen to me, dammit!    I didn't tell you to go that way!    Okay, then!    Now that everyone's gottenthe hang of mounting and riding.    We have a desert to get through!    Onward toward the northwest!    Hey!    Something's wrong.    I still have the feelingsomeone's watching us.    Kakyoin, don't you think you mightbe worrying a bit too much?    The palm leavesare erasing our tracks.    Plus we can see for kilometersin all directions.    If someone were here, we'd know.    No, I've been sensingsomeone's presence, too.    Better take a look around,then, Jotaro.    See anything suspicious out there?    No, nothing.    Nothing whatsoever. But...    Something's not right here.Something's just...    Hey, let's hurry up and go.    Yeah.    Let's get as far away as we can.    We'll traveltill the sun goes down,    then stop to pitch our tents.    It's much too dangerousfor us to travel at night.    Yeah, but it's sweltering out here!    Look, it's fifty degrees Celsius!    Yeah, it is hot out here.    Then again, right around this timeis when it's hottest.    Eight o'clock? Wha--    Jotaro! Check your watch.What time does it say?    It's ten past eight...    Hey, Old Man!    So, it is...    I know we lost track of time, but...    what the hell's going on?    It's past eight o'clock at night!    So why isn't the sun setting?    Impossible!    The thermometer's jumpingto sixty degrees Celsius!    It's not setting...    It's actually rising in the west!    Could the sun really be...    ...a Stand?     THE SUNARABIA FATS    My God!    We're in the middle of the desert!    Take cover behind those rocks!    That sun is a Stand?    We're such fools!How did we miss this?    I knew we were being watched,    but never thought this is whywe can't see our stalker!    At this rate,that sun's gonna burn all day...    no, all night long...    That Stand's gonna roast uslike a couple of rotisserie chickens!    We're screwed!    I doubt it'll take that long.    A sauna can dangerously raisethe body's temperature in minutes.    Then how do we fight it?    Damn it!It's seventy degrees Celsius now!    You can't even tellif that Stand is close or far away!    The distance is impossible to judge!    The fastest way    is to take care of the Stand user.    Indeed, the user,he has to be nearby.    We have to find him.    He must have a wayof concealing himself    to follow us this whole time.    Wait a minute!    What if he's like The Lovers?    What if he can use his Standfrom far away?    That's impossible.    A weak Stand canbe controlled from a distance,    but this sun is just too strong.    The energy it's emitting is incredible.    The Stand user has to be nearby.    This is bad.    The camels are starting to collapsefrom the heat.    This waiting isn'tgetting us anywhere!    I'll have Hierophantsurvey the area.    Kakyoin!    I'm only searching forthe Stand's location.    Once we know how far away it is,    we might be ableto locate the user.    Twenty meters. Forty meters...    Sixty meters. Eighty meters...    One hundred...    Something's not right!    Kakyoin!Have Hierophant come back!    Something's coming right for us!    Before that happens, Emerald...    Kakyoin!    The camel!    You bastard!    I'm gonna bust a holein the ground!    Everyone get in!    You okay, Kakyoin?    Yes. I was in the middleof initiating my Emerald Splash,    so that protected mefrom any major damage.    More concerningis this intense heat.    I feel like it's goingto drive me insane.    That att*ck was so accurate.    The Stand user must bewatching us from somewhere!    But from where? Where is he?    Keep your voice down.    The enemy will find us!    Just lay low. We'll sit tightfor a while and see what happens.    Oh, sh*t!    Things can't go on like this.    Come on, think!    It's time for this old-timerto grab the bull by the horns!    But this is a far-from-ideal spot.    I can't even use my best technique.    I have to get more information.    Jotaro!    Son of a bitch!    Where the hell are you?    How are you watching us?    Are you invisible or something?    Hey, Kakyoin, what's the matter?    Hey, Kakyoin!    The hell are you laughing about?    Are you all right, Kakyoin?    Control yourself, man!    Jotaro?    You too?    Polnareff!    Not you too?    Oh my God!    They've finally gone madfrom the heat!    Am I the only one who's still sane?    Hey! Jotaro,get a hold of yourself!    You have to settle down!    Sometimes things get rough,    and when they do,you have to stay cool!    What?    Don't get the wrong idea,Mister Joestar.    Have a look atthat rock over there.    It's large enough for someoneto hide behind, is it not?    I'm not following.    Now take a look at the rockon the opposite side.    Opposite side?    Still don't see it?    There's a rock that's shapedexactly the same    on the opposite side.    The shadow is also reversed.Which means...    What a stupid trick!    Move.    Stay here, Old Man.    Jotaro! If you go out there now,    you're all but askingthe enemy to att*ck you!    It's dangerous!    It made a hole in the sky?    Good grief.    You really are pathetic, Old Man.    I'll just assumethe heat was too much for you.    Or else I'd find it hard to believeyou're my grandfather.    Since we defeated the enemy Stand,night's finally fallen.    Or maybe I should say,it's back to being night.    However you wanna slice it,we're safe!    Just how long do you planon hiding in that hole?    Right.    Good grief.    It's finally gotten dark.    Well, whaddya know, it's a mirror!    Take a look.    Check out the little car he hasbehind the mirror.    It looks rather comfy.It even has air conditioning.    Man, I had no ideahe was reflecting the desert    and tailing us from behindin this nifty little thing.    I see he has a t*nk of water, too.    How bout we take it off his hands?    Oh, and here's a drink.    Huh? You mean we've alreadybeaten the Stand user?    There's nothing else to do?    We don't even knowthis guy's name,    but somehow we've alreadymade short work of his Stand?    Yes, you've hit the nailon the head.     THE SUNRETIRED    So this wasthe Sun card's Stand, huh?    At first he was pretty impressive,    but once we figured him out,he actually kinda sucked.    Well, onto our next destination.    It's pretty chilly in the desertat night, isn't it?    Hold your horses!Traveling at night is dangerous!    Why don't we camp out herefor the night!    Well that idiot's finished,so it'll be sweet dreams tonight!    Ba-dum-tss.    NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW
