02x06 - Dark Blue MoonQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/11/23 08:28Previously onJojo's Bizarre Adventure...  Ms. Holly has gaineda Stand as well!  You will never make it to Lord Dio!  But if we fail to find Diowithin fifty days...  Someone I know has a mark,  a birthmark just like thison the back of his neck...  What?  I've made up my mind!I want to travel with you to Egypt!  By going after Dio,   I'll find the onewho took my sister's life!   The loathsome curse of Dio...   Even the Speedwagon Foundation'sleading physicians,   with their cutting-edge treatments,stand powerless before Dio's curse.   To save Holly,   Jojo and crew continueon their journey to Egypt.   With air travelnow too treacherous,   they board a boat,heading first to Singapore.   It'll take three full days at seato get from Hong Kong to Singapore.   Some peace and quietwill do us all good.   Hey, you two...   Why don't you switch outthose uniforms for something else?   You think you can keep upin those things?   Aren't you burning up?   Well, we are students...   And a good studentalways dresses the part...   Too much of a stretch?   Japanese studentsare such stiffs, aren't they?   I see...so this is what they call Bushido.   Like they say, clear your mind,and even flames feel cool.   That's all well and good,but that won't get you any girls.   Let go! Let go of me,you big jerk!   -Dammit, I said get off me! Let me go!-Shut your trap! Ya brat!   Hey, what's going on?   I thought we agreed there'd beno passengers onboard but us.   -Let go!-Sorry, sir. It's a stowaway.   Little brat was hiding inone of the storage holds below.   Stowaway?   Come at me, then!   I'll freakin break your balls!   Tell that to the coast guard,ya little sh*t.   Huh? The cops?   Please. Just let me go!   I just wanted to go to Singaporeto see my dad.   I'll do anything! You can evenput me to work for my ticket!   Let's see. What should I do?   Should I let you go?   -Or turn you in?-Please!   What to do?   -Ow!-No way I'm letting you go.   That'd be too easy.   But first, I'm gonna letthe Captain know.   Come wit...   Whoa! In he goes!That kid's got guts.   He's trying to swim to shore?   What should we do?   Forget 'em.   He wouldn't have jumped inif he wasn't a decent swimmer.   He's in trouble now!   These waters areinfested with sharks!   This isn't good!   Hey, kid! Come back!   Get back here! It's dangerous!   Sharks! There are sharks out there!   Huh?   Good grief, c'mon you brat.   You're...   A girl?   And a runty one, at that.   How dare youfeel me up like that?   Hands off!   Good grief.   Jotaro! Below you!   Something's coming after youfrom underwater!   It's not a shark!And it's racing towards you!   Jotaro!You have to get out of there now!   Hurry! Swim to the boat!   He's too far away.   That distance is no problem for me.   Hierophant Green!   It just disappeared!It's a Stand!   That thing is a Stand!   An aquatic Stand...   In all my dealings with the occult,I've never heard of such a thing!   This girl...There's no way she's the...   Could she be that Stand's user?   Did she try to lure Jojointo shark-infested water?   Geez, what's with you jerks?Quit staring at me like that!   I have no ideawhat's going on here,   but I'll fight you!   Don't underestimate me, okay?You're gonna regret this!   One-on-one!Come at me, I dare ya!   Ya punks!   She can't be serious.   Maybe we should toss her backinto the ocean.   Calm down.   If she is just a stowaway,the sharks will get her.   We've checked outall ten members of the crew.   She's the only one it could be.    Is there some waywe could be sure?    Hey, how's that devil Diodoing these days?    Dio? What the hell is that?    Don't pretend like you don't know,you little brat!    I warned you, punks!    You gonna be a man and talk to me,or do you just want to get shanked?    Which is it, huh?    My demon blade wants to slurpthe blood of its    th victim.    What's so funny, stupid jerk hole?    Jerk hole?    I'm starting to get the feelingshe's not our Stand user.    Yes, but who then...    This girl our stowaway?    Captain.    -I'm pretty strict-O-Ow...    -when it comes to stowaways.-Ow...    You may be a girl,but if I go easy on you,    we'll just getmore and more stowaways.    I think we'll lock you upin the brig below deck    until we make it to port.    Captain, I'd like toask you something.    You've verified the identities ofall ten of the men on board, right?    Of course.    They're all men who've workedwith me for over ten years.    Can't say I understand whythat is of prime importance.    By the way...    I must implore younot to smoke on deck.    What did you plan to dowith the ashes and butt?    Just toss them over the sideinto these pristine waters?    You may be a guest on this ship,    but you will abide by my rules,tough guy.    Got it?    Hold it, pops.    Then why didn't you just say so?    Don't be a condescending prickabout the whole thing, ya jackass.    Hey, Jotaro! Don't be disrespectfulto the captain!    You were in the wrong.    I'll be as rude as I want.    I figured it out.He's not the captain...    He's the Stand user!    What?    Sta...nd?    I'm not sure I follow...    That's inconceivable, Jotaro.    We chose Captain Dragonbecause he came recommended    with verificationby the Speedwagon Foundation.    He's someone we can trust.    He absolutely can't bea Stand user.    Hold on, a Stand?    I have no idea what you guysare talking about...    Jojo, random guesses will onlymake things more confusing!    Do you have any real proof, Jojo?    I've found a wayto identify Stand users.    -What?-That is...    When a Stand user    takes even the slightest whiffof cigarette smoke,    a vein pops upon the tip of their nose.    What the hell are they all doing?    You're not serious, Jotaro!    Relax, I'm lying.    Apparently, someone fell for it.    Jotaro, what tipped you offabout the captain?    Actually, I didn't have a clue.    I'd planned to use that trickon the whole crew.    And I fell for it.Hat's off to you, boy.    You're right. I'm not the captain.    The real captain issleeping with the fishes    at the bottom of the China Sea.    Then I guess that meansyou'll be snoozing in hell!    Damn!    I can't move...    Trouble on the water!Lies and betrayal!    The Moon card representsthe fear of the unknown.    Its name: Dark Blue Moon!    Five-on-one is a little tougheven for me,    which is why I keptmy identity secret    to pick you off one by one...    But since you've figured me out,I guess I have no choice.    Five-on-one it is!    Getting my hands on hershows that lady luck is on my side!    Now I think I'll take a dipin these shark-infested waters    with the runt.    If you wanna save her,    you're gonna have todive in after us.    On my home turf,I can take on all five of you.    Go on, act tough while youhide behind a hostage!    It'll take a lot more than thatto shake me up!    It's no act. It's a prediction!    I hear your Stand,Star Platinum, is pretty fast.    Not trying to brag,    but my Dark Blue Moonis king underwater.    It's far swifter thanany fish in the sea!    Why don't we pit themagainst each other right now?    Come on in...if you're not afraidof a little seawater, that is!    He hit me before I could fall...    That's impossible...    You're the only oneswallowin' salt water today, pops.    Tell 'em, Avdol.    Your folly was trying toout-predict a fortune teller...    ...tough break.    STAR PLATINUMJOTARO KUJO    There he goes.    For talking up his Stand so much,that was a pretty pathetic exit.    What's wrong, Jotaro?Pull the girl up, would ya?    What's wrong, Jotaro?    Damn it...Something's pulling me in...    These are...    barnacles!    Crustaceans that live betweenhigh and low tides!    They stretch fromStar Platinum's arm    all the way tothe side of the boat!    He's still gotsome fight left in him.    He must've attached themwhen I hit him before.    They're spreading!    He's trying to drainmy Stand's power...    Now he's gone!    The captain,he's completely disappeared!    Jotaro! Pull in your Stand!    What do you think I'm trying to do?    That's why I'm sweatinglike a freakin pig, old man!    -Jojo!-Jotaro!    Jojo!    Crap!    This isn't good!    Welcome! Welcome!    So glad you could join mein the watery depths,    where Dark Blue Moon rules.    You should have neverunderestimated me, brother.    We may be underwater,but our Stands can still talk.    How bout you pop out another one ofthose cocky one-liners like before.    Go ahead, brother!    So what'll it be?    Tell me what kind offish dish you want to be.    Fish paste? Or maybe some sashimi?    I'll make one hell of a mealout of your Stand.    You fool...    You act tough, brother,    but I know what you're thinking.    "How long can this guystay underwater?    I could probably lasttwo minutes, tops.    Could he last longer?"    Well, guess what?    My lung capacity is three timesthat of a normal human!    And I've been in training.    My personal best issix minutes, twelve seconds!    You must be dizzyjust hearing that number.    And!    Dark Blue Moon's flippers    slice through the waterwith sharp, screw like rotations!    But before you startmouthing off again,    take a good, hard lookat your Stand!    Seems Dark Blue Moon's barnacles    have taken a liking toabsorbing your Stand's power.    How's it feel to haveyour life energy    slowly draining away?    Trying to escape to the surface?    Take a good look around you!    Dark Blue Moon's been busymaking a whirlpool.    Haven't you noticed, brother?    Swim! Come on, swim!    You're running out of airand strength!    But k*lling a stupid, smart-asspunk like you right now    would be a bit too early!    It's been too long!He's not coming up yet?    A whirlpool!It's a giant whirlpool!    But where's Jojo?    I'm going in!    These are scales!    That guy's Stand has scalesas sharp as razors!    The whirlpool is full of them!    He wasn't bluffing when he saidhe could b*at us one-on-five.    It's like a watery antlion pitdown there!    If we dive in, it's very possiblewe'll be sliced to pieces.    His scales?    Let me guess whatyou're thinking now!    "A whirlpool hasone point of calm."    I can read you like a book!    "It's the eye!    If I jump into the centerwhere he is, I can att*ck him."    That's what you're thinking,isn't it?    If you think you can hit mewith that punch of yours again,    then come right over.    Come at me withyour worthless Stand,    its power is so drained,it doesn't have a chance!    See if you can manage an att*ck    that's even sharper thanthese underwater cutters!    I'm waiting, brother!    Curses...We're completely helpless!    It's Jojo!    I saw Jojo in the whirlpool!    This isn't good!He was limp!    Limp? He wasn't struggling at all?    That might be a good thing.    What?    Weren't you going toturn me into sashimi?    You're the onewho's going to be sliced up!    Star Finger!    Wha...    Looks like you're sashimi,after all.    What's that? I can't hear you.You're gonna have to speak up!    We're underwater!    But your power was being drained...    You let yourself go limp on purpose    to concentrate your powerin your fingers...    That's what you were thinking...    Nope. The only thing on my mind...    is how gross it'll be,when I kick your stupid ass,    and you piss yourself underwater.    Bye, pops.    Jojo!    That's my grandson!    Well done, Jotaro!Now get up here already.    The captain planted bombson the ship!    Damn it!    Hurry up and get in the lifeboats!    Send out a distress call!     DARK BLUE MOONFAKE CAPTAIN DRAGON    Have some water.    We've sent out distress calls,so someone should be here soon.    What the hell is going on here?Who are you guys?    Just think of usas fellow travelers.    You're on a journeyto see your father,    while I'm on one for my daughter.    Hey! That's the onlyfresh water we have!    Don't spit it out!    No...    Everyone, look!    NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW    What is this boat?    The ramp's down, so why hasn'tanyone shown their face?    There are no signs of life.    I'm all sticky from the salt water...    So that's what this means...    You think you've won...
