02x16 - The Lovers, Part 1QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/11/23 08:35With Enyaba in tow,and a new carriage to boot,  Jojo and crew arrivedin the coastal town of Karachi,  Pakistan's industrialand financial center,  located in the Indus River delta.   EPISODE   : THE LOVERS, PART ONE  Hey, a doner kebab joint!  Let's stop and get something to eat.  The doner kebab: it's been calledthe hamburger of the Middle East!  A slab of meat is placed on a spit,   its outer layer roasting as it turns.   Before long, the meat is cooked,sliced, and served on bread.   Try it, your taste buds will thank you!   'Scuse me, five doner kebabs, please.   That'll be a thousand yen.   A thousand yen?   In the Middle East,   Japanese and Western business practicesare by no means universal.   Namely, prices changeand are subject to negotiation.   First-time visitors naiveof the value of goods for sale   can become easy targets for exploitation.   But here, such exploitationis not frowned upon.   The swindled are deservingof the label "fool," not "victim."   Haggling takes guts and ingenuity!   A thousand yen?   The first step is the art of the bluff.   Make it clear you see through the trick.   Don't mock me, now! That's far too much.   A hearty laugh always helps. Then...   How much would you buy them for?   ...the merchant will test the waters.   Make it     yen for five!   In return, you throw out a price so low,   you can't help but blush.   And then...   Are you serious? You've got to be kidding!   He'll act as ifyou have no sense at all...   If I sold them for that cheap,my entire family would starve!   Then he'll gesture the old throat slash.   But you can't give up the fight just yet.   I guess I'll just buy them somewhere else.   Pretend that you're leaving...   Okay, friend! I very much like foreigners.   I'll sell you five for     yen.   ...he'll try to stop you.   Then make it    .   Let the haggling begin!   Six hundred!   Three hundred and fifty!   Five hundred and fifty!   -Four hundred!-Four hundred and fifty!   Four hundred and twenty five!   I'll take them!   All right! I got them for less thanhalf his original price!   Take that! I made out like a bandit!   And just as you think you won...   I usually sell five for     yen!   Bye-bye, thank you, sir!   Hey! The old lady's awake.   Eh?   I've told them nothing!   What are you doing here?   You think I, Enyaba,   would tell them the secretof Lord Dio's Stand?   Huh?   What the hell are these tentacles?   Why...   Why have you come to k*ll me?   Lord Dio places his trust in no one.   I will make sure you never speak again.   And you four...   will be next.   Grandma!   What?   You can call me Dan...   Dan of Steel.   My Stand represents The Lovers card.   I will see to it thatyou all meet the same fate   as that pathetic Enyaba.   How could you?   That old lady was one of your own!   Grandma!   Lies...   They're all lies...   Lord Dio would neverdo such a thing to me....   Those things wrigglingout of her aren't from a Stand!   They're real! Those tentacles are real!   Lord Dio would never do me such harm...   He'd never plant a flesh bud in me...   Flesh bud?   Lord Dio is my only reason for living...   We trust each other wholeheartedly...   Grandma!   See that?   The rays of the sun disintegrated them!   The flesh buds!They're made from Dio's cells!   Precisely!   I must say,you are quite the perceptive one.   That's what a flesh bud madeof Dio's cells looks like fully grown.   I just grew it inside the old hag.    Enyaba, you may have taughtLord Dio about Stands,    but you're a fool to thinkhe would ever trust    a feeble old woman like you.    Unfortunately,it's a point you failed to realize.    Old lady!    What's the true identity of Dio's Stand!    Tell us!    You trusted and admired Dio,    and now you know he's notthe man you think he is!    We must defeat Dio! You've got to tell us!    We need to know!    Tell us what we need to knowabout Dio's Stand!    Lord... Dio...    He believes in me.    I will never tell...    Oh, God!    So sad...    Such an unfortunate old woman.    But the very depth of her trust    shows just how powerfulLord Dio's evil charm is.    Enyaba may forever be entwinedwith my sister's death,    but she didn't deserve that.    I'll see you join her!    Four against one, but we won't hold back.    Prepare yourself.    On your feet.    Hey, jackass!    Stop acting so damned cool.    This is going down,whether you want it or not.    As you wish.    But none of you    will be able to lay a single fingeron me, Dan of Steel.    What?    What happened, Mr. Joestar?    He flew back just like that guy!    You fool!    I was about to explain my abilities.    You almost k*lled your owngrandfather with that blow.    Listen up.    Do you really think I would showmy face here    just to k*ll Enyaba?    You damn bastard...    You told us that your Standis the Lovers, isn't that right?    So, what the hell does it do?    The battle has already begun, Mr. Joestar.    You're all simpletons...    Look all you want,but you won't see my Stand.    Hey, half-pint!    Want some cash?    It's yours if you hit my legwith that broom.    But why would he...    Now hit me!    The hell? Mr. Joestar?    It hurts!    I don't get it! My leg hurts so bad!    Still haven't figured it out,Joseph Joestar?    My Stand enters bodies!    The moment Enyaba d*ed,    it clambered into your ear canaland entered your brain.    What?    My Stand and I are connected!    If my Stand gets hurt, then so do I.    And the opposite holds true!    If you so much as scratch me,    deep inside your brain,    my Stand will react to my painand discomfort,    and fly into a rage.    And it will amplify that painto the same bodily location.    Now I'll say it once more...    You won't be able to lay a single fingeron me!    Plus the Lovers    has taken one of Lord Dio'sflesh bud into your body.    It's growing in your brain as we speak.    Just like it did to Enyaba,it'll eat you from the inside out!    Ow!    I don't recall asking youto strike me again.    Stupid little brat!    Well, I must confess,    my Stand, The Lovers,lacks physical strength.    It can't move evena single strand of hair,    making it the world's weakest Stand.    But...    You needn't be strong to k*ll someone.    Understand, gentlemen?    THE LOVERSDAN OF STEEL    Say something unfortunate happens,    like I get into an accident,a baseball hits me,    or I simply trip and fall, Mr. Joestar...    You will feel my pain many times over.    I can feel your knuckles crackingin my artificial prosthetic hand!    You've got ten minutes.    Then your brain will be eaten through,    and you will die like Enyaba.    Jotaro, calm down! Don't do anything rash.    No. I'm gonna k*ll this tool so quickly,    he won't have time to feel pain!    k*ll me before I feel it, huh...    Sounds interesting.    Do it, then, Jotaro.    Let's see what happens.    What were you planning to destroy?    Tell me. My face? Throat?    What? You angry? Come on and try it!    Let's just see what happens!    How about busting a hole in my chest?    Or how about you give upon using your Stand,    and cr*ck my head open with a rock?    This one looks like a prime specimen.    Sure looks big enough for the job.    You do not want to underestimate me.    When I say I'm going to do something,I do it.    Jotaro, don't do it!    You already know what he can do!    Are you trying to k*llyour own grandfather?    He just might do it...    Dumb punk.    Oh...    You...    Jotaro!    Don't toy with me, you bastard.    After the geezer kicks the bucket,you're next!    Look out!    The Lovers will enteryour brain and k*ll you!    What the hell do you think you're doing?    This is just insane.    My grandson is getting beatenso I can survive...    We're completely at this guy's mercy.    His Stand is inside my head...    I remember how that poison ringwas implanted around my aorta long ago...    Come on, think, Joseph!    There's gotta be something you can do!    Hey!    Jotaro! Keep him away from Mr. Joestar!    We're going to get as far awayfrom him as possible!    Oh, I see...    You think putting distancebetween me and the old man    might make my Stand's power disappear?    But my Stand's weaknessis made up for in other ways.    The Lovers may be physically weak,but from within its host,    its range is fartherthan any Stand in existence.    Even if it's hundreds of kilometers away.    Hey, Jotaro! I'm talking to you!    It's impolite not to look at peoplewhen they're speaking to you.    Look at me!    You sound likeyou're starting to lose your cool.    What's your plan?    Follow me arounduntil Grandpa Joseph keels over?    Dan, was it?    You know, I'm gonna make you pay for this.    Well, if you're going to follow me around,    I might as well borrow a few more things.    Nothing but chump change, huh?    Though I didn't expect a guy like you    to be sporting a TAG Heuer...    I'll be borrowing this.    There!    An electronics store!Mr. Joestar, they have TVs!    Yeah, so? Why does that matter now?    Come on, Polnareff, did you thinkwe were just running away?    I'm going to fight this blasted Standthat's inside my head.    Fight?    We have only a few minutes.    And we're gonna need your help.    Huh?    Hermit Purple!    -It's there!-Oh, no!    I can't believe I'm lookingat the inside of my brain!    I get that there's a really small Stand    inside Mr. Joestar...    But how the hellare we going to destroy it?    By having our Standstravel inside Mr. Joestar    to locate and destroy it.    What?    Stands are simplymaterializations of energy.    We should be able to shrink them.    Kakyoin!    Hey, be gentle with me!    There's no time.We're going in now, Polnareff!    All right!    Hierophant Green!    Silver Chariot!    Smaller!    Get smaller.    We're going to be entering a blood vessel.    Right...    A ditch...    I'd try to jump it,    but I could trip and twist my ankleby accident.    And walking all the wayto that bridge would be such a pain.    Hey, Jotaro.    Lie down and make yourself into a bridge.    I'll just walk on you to get across.    What? You don't want to be my bridge?    The hell do you keep yammering about?    I said, make yourself into a bridge!    You good-for-nothing arrogant prick!    -What's the matter?-Mr. Joestar!    My leg...    It's going numb...    Dammit, Jotaro,what the hell are you doing?    Aww, don't look so upset, Jotaro?    Come on, I don't have all day.    Good.    You're a rather sturdy bridge, aren't you?    Aren't you?    Aren't you?    Aren't you...    Mr. Joestar,    it seems the enemy is here,hiding around the thalamus,    the point where the nervous system begins.    Polnareff and I will enter a blood vessel    from inside your inner ear,    then swim through the blood vesselstoward the brain stem.    Polnareff, open a slit in the wallof his blood vessel.    Hey, hold on! You're using your Stands!    Can't they just go through it instead?    Not at this size.    The blood vessel's wall is too thick.    The hole will be microscopic in size,    so bleeding won't be an issue.    At our size,    severing a blood vessel or nervewould take several minutes.    Otherwise, the Lovers would'vedone it already.    Though, it may have already started...    Keeping our Stands this smallis really exhausting.    You need a lot of Stand power.    Here we go!    Oh, my God!    I don't feel so well...    My back itches...    I'm in a really good mood right now.    How about I have you lick it for me?    The one who knows himself best will win!    Everything begins when youacknowledge your own weakness!
