02x45 - DIO's World, Part 1QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/11/23 08:59At last you show yourself,  Dio!  Bravo, Polnareff.You managed to avenge your sister  while traveling all the wayfrom the Far East.  To celebrate I shall gladlytake your life.  I'll give you one chance.  Descend two steps and live.  I'll let you be my servant again.  If you choose death,rise forth to me.   At our first encounter,fear overcame me like a curse.   I let myself submit to your evil.   It was the beginningof a futile existence.   An existence more horrifyingthan death itself.   a life consumed by the sole desireto do your bidding.   But that fear is gone.   The only thing that consumes me nowis a burning will to fight.   In the    days since I first metMr. Joestar and the others,   I've traveled the globe and watchedmy friends die at my feet.   I'll never be scared of you again.   Are you sure about that?   Then climb these stairs.   Interesting, Polnareff.   You've descended the stairs.   So you do want to serve me,after all.   What?   But I went up the stairs.I'm positive...   What's wrong?You appear shaken, Polnareff.   Could it be that you're scared?   In your mindyou thought you stepped up,   but perhaps your descent is a caseof fear overriding consciousness...   That's impossible!I know I just climbed the stairs!   What did he do?Is it his Stand?   Could it be...   Dio's Stand...   The World?   What is...    Polnareff, ever wonderwhat the human soul desires most?   It is human nature to wantto overcome anxiety and fear,   to live free from worry.   People seek fame,   they control others,they acquire wealth.   All for a sense of security.   Marriage and friendship is merelya means of securing peace of mind.   Humans say they wishto help others,   for the sake of love and justice.   But this is only to settletheir own minds.   The foremost desireof the human psyche   is to achieve a senseof secure serenity.   Why then would youpossibly hesitate in serving me?   If you do my bidding,all I speak of will be yours.   Are you not afraid to challenge me?   You know that your deathwill be certain.   It can't be!Am I unconsciously submitting to him?   You are a talented Stand user.   It would be a shame to k*ll you.   Betray Joestar and becomemy everlasting assistant.   I promise you unending peace.   I must resist.   Avdol, Iggy,I need your courage!   Cut the crap, Dio!   I've already d*ed once.   If I die trying to figure out   your Stand's abilities,then so be it!   Then you leave me no choice.   Prepare to die, Polnareff!   Is that The World? Bring it!   Futile!   Mister Joestar!   Don't worry, Polnareff.   Dio!   Was that Dio?   Come on,before he gets away!   I have somethingI have to tell you first.   I saw him use his Stand,but only for a moment.   Or, well, I didn't so muchsee it as feel it...   I can't explain exactly.   Look, here's what happened.   I was climbingthe stairs toward him,   when all of a sudden,I was below where I started!   I know it doesn't make any sense.   I don't get it either.I don't know what he did.   I feel like I'm going crazy.   And it wasn't some hypnosis trickor feat of supersonic speed.   It was a sense of somethingwholly and completely terrifying.   Where are Avdol and Iggy?   They didn't make it.   They d*ed trying to save me.   I see.   Mister Joestar, the sun is setting.   We need to hurry.   You're right.   Hey, loser. What's upstairs?   The towers.   There's also a room at the top.   It's Lord Dio's dwellingduring the day.   Is there another staircaseto the tower?   No. These stairs are it.   Fine, lead the way.   So that's him.    We've never met, but I've knownabout him my entire life.    Yes. I've known him all along.    Since the day I was born.    The same goes for Jotaro.    We'd hoped this daywould never come.    But we always knewwe had to destroy him.    As Joestars we knew,    one day, we would haveto come face-to-face with him.    I have no regrets.    About the journey I've made,or what's about to unfold.    I accept it all.To me, it's never been clearer.    This feeling. I feel embracedby lightness, by good.    Dio is the absence of light.The void.    Joseph and Jotaro are my light.    My body is battered,but I have no fear.    I have goodness, the light,by my side!    We att*ck when he stepsout of the coffin.    Be ready.    Who knows what's in there.    Loser, open the coffin.    Lord Dio, I swear,I haven't betrayed you.    I led them here because I knowyou will dispose of them.    I'm certain of it!    As certain as a man wets himselfwhen pissing in the wind.    Please understand!    Shut up and open the coffin!    Please, oh please,k*ll these bastards,    Lord Dio!    Get ready, this is it!    Huh?    Me?    Why am I inside?    -But I was opening the coffin!-What?    How?    I never took my eyes off him!    Did any one of you seethe loser get in    or get placed in the coffin?    No. I was watchingthe whole time,    and then, suddenly,he was inside!    Polnareff's right!    This isn't a mind trick.And it's not super speed!    sh*t.    This isn't some game!    Run for it!    Damn it!    What are you doing, Polnareff?    Damn it!    What was that?    I couldn't see it, but I couldsense it is far more powerful    than any Stand we've evercome across before.    It was like knowinga bulldozer is behind you    just from the sound of its engine.    I sensed it, too.That insane lust to k*ll us!    It felt like someone shovedan icicle straight up my ass!    If we hadn't escaped,we would've all been k*lled!    This is bad... This is really bad.    The sun's almost belowthe horizon!    Darkness is Dio's domain.He has the advantage now.    Don't tell me you're planningto retreat until dawn.    Listen, Mister Joestar!    I'm not running away nowwith my tail between my legs!    I'm with you, Polnareff.    Listen, I agree with both you.But the tables have turned on us.    We may've encounteredhis Stand, The World,    but we have no clueas to what it can do.    It's like climbing a mountain    without knowing the routeor knowing where the summit is.    Fighting him now would bea guaranteed disaster!    It's as inevitable as burpingafter drinking cola!    We know Dio will come after us!    He'll try to finish us offbefore sunrise!    In the meantime,    we can figure out the true extentof his Stand's powers.    We need to waitfor that opportunity.    No! I can't run!    Avdol and Iggy d*edbecause of me!    I'll fight dirty.    I'll go to Hell and back.I'll do whatever it takes to destroy Dio.    But I won't run away!    Wait, Polnareff!    Forget it, old man.It's no use when he's like this.    Jotaro, what do you thinkwe should do?    Polnareff is going after Dioto fight him.    We're retreating,but we'll also be fighting him.    Which means,    we'll att*ck from both sides.    Hey, you.    We want to buy your truck.Sell it to us.    What'd you say?This baby's my bread and butter!    What're you...    I'm flooring it, Kakyoin!    So, Dio, you finally show yourself!    Run away until dawn?Like hell I will!    I'll settle this on my own!    I don't know how Dio's Stand works,but it doesn't matter.    I'll find a way to defeat him!    I'll assassinate him!    Not so fast, Polnareff!    I told them we need to let you go    'cause it's no use tryingto convince stubborn guys like you.    But the old man and Kakyoininsisted I stick with you,    so here I am.    Jotaro!    Good grief.    THE WORLDDIO    Ah, the automobile...    Such impressive power and speed.    In my youth, all we had werehorse-drawn carriages.    Hold it right there!What do you think you're doing?    This car belongsto U.S. Senator Mr. Phillips!    Wanna puke out your eyes?    My, my... Young people these days.So full of piss and vinegar.    Ow!    Hold your tongue and proceedto the front seat. It's time to drive.    Who the hell are you?    Do you think you canget away with this?    That's right, this is unforgivable!    No one gets away with doingsomething like this to me.    I was valedictorianin high school and college!    I was captainof my college wrestling team!    Even after graduation,people respected me.    That's how I became a politician!    I'm owner of a villaon a thousand-acre plot of land in Hawaii!    My wife is a gorgeous modeltwenty-five years my junior!    I pay fifty times more taxesthan anyone in this town!    I destroyed every enemywho's every stood in my way!    And someday,I'll become president.    I'm Senator Phillips, dammit!    You listen to me, punk!    I'll make sure you rot in prison!    You hear me? You'll live the restof your life behind bars--    I'll say it one more time.    Drive.    What is this guy?He's going to k*ll me!    If I don't get out of here,he'll k*ll me!    Someone help--    What?    What?    I thought I jumped out of the car,so why...    Why am I back in the car?    Why am I back inside?    Catch up to that truck.    Fail and I'll k*ll you.    Yes, sir.    Why am I still inside? Why?    Ah, of course!It's because I'm a senator!    There's nothinga senator can't do!    I can still sense Dio's sinister,foreboding bloodlust.    He's after us.    I know he's following us!    Does Dio knowyour precise location?    No. He stole the bodyof my grandfather, Jonathan Joestar.    I can sense his body somehow,    but I can only tellthat he's close by.    I can't pinpointhis exact location.    The same wayI could tell he was in Cairo,    but I couldn't narrow downthe precise location of his lair.    All he knows isthat Jotaro and I are nearby.    But he can't tell the differencebetween us.    Most likely he hasn't realizedthat we've split up.    That's strange.    Cars always start upwhen they do this in the movies.    It's a traffic jam.    The evening commuteis always like this.    Keep going.    But there's nowhere to go.    There's plenty of roomon the sidewalk. Go.    The sidewalk?    It's covered with peopleheading home from work!    I don't care. Go.    Yes, sir!    -Step on it.-Yes, sir!    Okay, it's running.Get on, Polnareff.    Right...    See what I do for you!    You'll spare me...    You'll spare this senator's lifenow, won't you?    No.    That's it! This is a dream!    I'm a senator.There's no way I could die.    It's a dream! A dream! Hooray!    There they are.Catch up. Get closer.    I can't use The Worldunless I'm close to them.    He's getting closer.It's that car! Dio's in there!    Kakyoin!    Kakyoin's...    Take this, Dio! Emerald Splash!    Incredible!    He deflected my att*ckwith one finger.    And all while sittingperfectly still!    Then what about this?    I concentrated the Splash,but he still dodged it.    Damn!    When did he bring out his Stand?    How could I've missed that?    He's too far away.    He flew out of The World's range.    What's happening?    And what would I getby telling you?    Pay attention to the roadand drive.    Careful, Kakyoin!You're too close!    Forgive me. I didn't...    I remember a few months agowhen he said to me,    "Are you really goingto vomit out of fear?"    "Relax, Kakyoin, relax..."    Bastard! Never again!I won't lose again!    Kakyoin, are you all right?    Did you catch a glimpseof The World?    Yes. I att*cked himfrom around ten meters away.    If I had gotten any closer,I would have been done for.    It's clear his Stand holdsa power more horrific    than we could ever imagine.    We may not know its secret,but we do know two things:    First, his Stand can't reachas far as my Hierophant Green    or your Hermit Purple.    It's a close-range power Stand,like Star Platinum,    and has a rangeof about ten meters.    Second,it att*cked me with its fist,    so it doesn't useprojectile weapons like b*ll*ts.    If we can sneak up on himand get within ten meters,    we might have a chance.     We have to figure out his secret,but we also need to proceed carefully.    We can't betoo careful with Dio.    Something's up.His car stopped.    Watch out!Something's hurtling this way!    Mister Joestar!    What are you doing, Kakyoin?    I've got it.    I know how to find the secretof his Stand.    I wonder why I get goosebumpswhen I think about Avdol and Iggy.    Perhaps becausethey were the first friends    I shared a common goal with.    This journey to defeat Dio.    Show me your Stand, Dio!
