02x05 - Silver ChariotQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/11/23 08:27You have a way with a sword,  I'll grant you that.  So you think you can k*ll me  before the flames on that tablestrike twelve?  You seem to have quite the ego.  And you are...?  Polnareff.  Allow me to properly introduce myself.  That's Jean Pierre Polnareff.   Merci beaucoup.   My thanks for the introduction.   However...   Monsieur Polnareff,   you would be mistakenif you assume my flames   burn upward or with the wind.   I can control fire at will,thus the name "Magician's Red."   In the beginning, there was fire.   I should have expected as muchfrom Magician's Red,   the emblem of beginnings,the wielder of fire, of creation.   And yet, you speak of ego?   This swordsmanship of mine...   is this mere ego?!   In the moment they lined up,   he stabbed through all five coinsin a single strike!   No. Look closer.   That's...   I see... He's cut a flame for each coin.   So you comprehendthe significance of my moves.   I am no egoist.   My Stand can slice apart flames!   I can rip apart the atmosphere itself,   creating gaps between the layers of gases.   Which means your flames arepowerless before my Silver Chariot.   When did he...   My Stand...   The Chariot is the cardof victory and conquest.   I could dispose of youin this modest room, but...   is not your flame ability bettersuited to wide-open spaces, Avdol?   To destroy you at your best   is the only victory worthy of my Stand.   All of you, outside!     What is this place?   Tiger Balm Garden.   What?   Tiger Balm Garden,   a mysterious tableaulocated on the hillside of   Hong Kong's Tai Hang Road.   Its unique aesthetic and sense of style   make it one of Hong Kong'smost unusual sites.   Allow me to make a prediction...   First, Avdol,   you shall perish at the handof your own Stand.   Avdol...   Jotaro, I won't need your assistance.   In an expansive arena such as this,   I can manipulate my Stand to the full.   Come on!   Come on! Come on! Come on!   Come on. What's wrong?   Not going to spit those flames of yours?   If not, then I'll finish you right now!   Come on! Come on! Come on!   That bastard. He's mocking us.   While he was attacking,   he managed to carve a statueof Magician's Red.   Not bad...   You fit right in, Magician's Red.   Finally.   At last he reveals his true power...   Interesting...   Bring it.   Hey, we gotta hide!   We'll get torched if Avdol uses that.   "That"?   Crossfire Hurricane!   That all you've got?!   I told you my sword   can create gaps betweenthe layers of our atmosphere,   so I can slice your flames into bits!   Avdol!   His flames are so strong,they're burning him!   Just as I predicted.   You will die by your own flames!   Good grief!   One last pitiful att*ck?   How unsightly!   That's weird, that blow...   What?   Impossible!   I cut him in half, and out pour flames?   That's not his Stand.   It's a duplicate!   It seems the flames veiled your vision.   What you sliced apart   was the statue Silver Chariotcarved from before.   I told you, I can control flames at will.   The flames that it sent back toward it   melted its joints and caused it to move.    The one defeated byhis own Stand's ability was you!    Now, another chance to savor the heat...    Crossfire Hurricane!    I'm afraid you're ten years too young    to challenge a fortune tellerto a battle of prediction!    Such incredible power!    His Stand took that head-on,it must have melted. It's over!    With burns like that,    I'm guessing he's a goner.    He's lucky if he escapedwith just serious burns...    if you could call that luck.    If he lives,he'll be in bed for three months.    His Stand is destroyed.He's out of commission.    Now, Mr. Joestar,    I think it's time we geton our way to Egypt.    Indeed.    What?    His Stand is breaking apart!    He flew into the air while unconscious?!    Bravo! Oh, bravo!    He's...    I don't believe it!    He's completely unharmed!    How is he floating in mid air?    Look closely with your inner eye.    That's...    Yes, you see?    Behold, my Stand,Silver Chariot, armor-free!    You're speechless.    Well, I suppose it wouldn'tbe very chivalrous,    if I were to k*ll you allright here and now    without fully explaining my powers first.    Perhaps you will bekind enough to indulge me?    Very well.    Let us hear your explanation.    My Stand did not break apartand disappear.    Silver Chariot is equippedwith protective armor.    That is what it shed earlier.    Your flames b*rned awayonly part of its armor...    which is why I escapedwith only minor injuries.    And now that the armor is off,I'm light as a feather.    Were you able to catch a glimpseof my stand as it held me up?    That is how quickly it can move now!    I see...    The weight of your armor    made you vulnerableto my Crossfire Hurricane.    But, of course, you must know nowthat you're naked    and without protection.    The next hit will cost you your life.    Hmm...    Oui, perhaps.    Though I'd venture that's highly unlikely.    Unlikely? I'd like to test that theory.    First, allow me to show you something    that will surely boggle your mind.    By all means.    What?    He now has six...no, seven Stands!    Impossible.    A person can have only one Stand.    It seems you're sufficiently befuddled.    These are afterimages.    An entire army of Stand afterimagesto deceive your sight    and your hearing.    Your senses can't follow their movements.    How about this sword speed?     SILVER CHARIOTJEAN PIERRE POLNAREFF    Red Bind!    I told you you can't keep up.    Your flames grasp only afterimages.    Striking at random now?    You're getting a bit desperate, Avdol.    It's true;he'll end up exhausting himself.    Crossfire Hurricane!    Non.    That was just an image.    Your att*cks will not workagainst my Stand.    Come on, come on, come on!    Avdol!    Such precision. His...    Stand ability...it's been trained at length.    For nearly ten years, in fact...I have my reasons why.    Now, hurry up and att*ck.    I'd like to end this post haste.    I must say, to revealthe nature of your att*ck    is a rather noble deed.    Now allow me to do the same...to return the favor.    Oh?    This, as a matter of fact,    is a variation of my Crossfire Hurricane.    You'll recognize the Ankh shape,but the number differs.    I can divide it into multiple blasts.    Crossfire Hurricane    Special!    Dodge this!    You are a fool, Avdol!    His Stands assumed a circular formation!    He has no opening!    Naive! Naive, naive, naive, naive!    So naive!    I'll strike you down with your own power    just as I did before!    I'll slice the flames and throw them back!    What?    That's...    The hole he made earlier...    I get it!    That flame dug a tunnel,    a tunnel for his Crossfire Hurricane!    As I told you,    I can divide my flame andlaunch it as multiple att*cks.    Fire is an agonizing way to perish.    Take the dagger and end it.    I was conceited.    I never thought my swordsmanshipcould lose to fire.    I choose to perish slowly from my burns.    I owe at least that much respectto the man who has    to the man who hasso skillfully defeated me.    It would be cowardly to end it myself.    His sense of honorendures to the very end!    And he didn't use the daggerto att*ck me from behind!    His honor is too greatto yield to Dio's orders.    It would be a disservice to k*ll him.    There's a reason behind his actions...    Jojo!    Yeah.    Yuck! Those tentacles are disgusting!    Jotaro, hurry up and pull it out!    -Shut up, old man.-Come on!    There!    Now that the flesh bud is gone,we can be buddies.    Ta-da!    Kakyoin, don't people whomake stupid puns all the time    get on your nerves, or it just me?    The boat we chartered fromthe Speedwagon Foundation yesterday    should be at the harbor now.    What's wrong?    Something on your mind, Polnareff?    I never thanked you properly forfreeing me from Dio's mind control.    Don't thank me, thank Jojo.    I'm good.    It was a kind thought, but it seemsto have fallen on deaf ears.    As you wish. I've no desireto come off as heavy-handed.    But I'm not quite finished here.    Monsieur Joestar,    I hope you'll indulge my askinga very bizarre question.    Bizarre question?    It's none of my business,    but I noticed you never took offyour gloves, even while eating.    Your left hand wouldn't happento be a right hand, would it?    What? My left hand a right one?    You weren't kiddingabout the bizarre part.    What are you talking about?    I'm looking for the manwho m*rder*d my sister.    I don't know what he looks like.    But I do know he has two right hands.    It's a wound from fifty years ago...a badge of honor.    I apologize for being so rude.Please forgive me.    If it's not too painful,tell me what happened.    It was three years ago...    My little sister waswalking home from school    with a classmate one rainy day.    In our hometown...a smallcountryside village in France.    On the side of the road,a man stood with his back to them.    Strangely, in the middle of pouring rain,    as if surrounded bysome invisible membrane,    the rain fell in torrents around him.    Then suddenly,    her classmate's chest wassliced open, as if with a sickle.    And then...    He had his way with her and left her dead.    The man wanted nothing more.    Her friend escaped with her life...    to tell me the tale of that fateful day.    She never did see his face,    but saw that he had two right hands.    No one believed her, but I knew.    I knew that man had a power    not unlike that which I hadbeen hiding all these years.    He's a Stand user, all right.    I swore an oath!    I promised my sister's soulI would avenge her,    to hunt down that k*ller andmake him pay with his life!    And I would use my Standas a means of righteous vengeance!    Then, one year ago, I met Dio.    I see something in the crystal ball.    It's...    It is a vision.Not from my heart but from yours.    The man you seek, the pain you hide,    my power only brings it into focus.    How about it?    Why don't we become friends?    You are distressed. You are suffering.    Join me, and your sufferingwill soon be a thing of the past.    The image in the globeis what pains you, no?    Lend me your strength.    I too am suffering.    I have been deniedthe sun's embrace for all eternity.    That is why I need your strength.    Allow me to find him for you.    Then I was ordered to k*ll you all.    I felt it was the right thing to do.    The flesh bud is partially responsible,    but it seems he's quite the manipulator.    Indeed. And judging by that story,    I would wager that the manwith two right hands    is already his underling.    I've made up my mind!I want to travel with you to Egypt!    By going after Dio,    I'll find the onewho took my sister's life!    What do we do?    I've no objections.    Even if we told him no,he'd just follow along.    Jean Pierre Polnareff.    Stand name: Silver Chariot.    Ability:Fast and precise swordsmanship!    The honor is mine.    -Good grie...-Excuse me!    Would you mind taking our picture?    He's so cute.    What a great excuse to talk to him.    Thank you!    We want our backs toward the ocean.    Shut up already! Go bug someone else!    Now, now, now, now...    I'd be glad to take your picture.    Come, come.    You have very nice legs.    I'll be sure to get them in the sh*t.    Ooh, nice!    And another just in case.    Très bien!    If only...    I could take your heartinstead of your picture!    His personality is mystifying.    His emotions change on a dime.    More like he's got two brains,    and the one downstairssuddenly started calling the sh*ts.    Good grief.    NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW    Can't you do something about that uniform?    Students should act like students.    Bring it on! I'll take you!    Was that a Stand user?    If a Stand user inhalesany cigarette smoke at all...    By the way...
