02x24 - High Priestess, Part 2QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/11/23 08:41Anyone else getting nervous?  Try to stay calm.  Times like these require usto keep our heads on straight  and be prepared.  Putting this stuff on with one handis a lot harder than it looks.  So has anyone everscuba dived before?  Not me.  -No.-I haven't.  The High Priestess willbreak through any moment!   You have to teach ushow to dive now!   Try and calm yourself, Avdol.   You must never panic,no matter what.   This is the most important rulewhen scuba diving.   When you're underwater,   for every ten metersyou go below the surface,   the corresponding pressureincreases along with you.   The surface pressurestarts at one atmosphere.   We're    meters belowthe surface right now,   so we'll endurefive atmospheres of pressure.   If we surface too quickly,   the pressure'll cause our lungsand blood vessels to burst.   We have to rise slowlyso our bodies can adjust.   We're nearing the Egyptian coast.   It's best to ascendalong the sea floor.   OK...   I'm letting the water in.   You're looking at a regulator.   The valve inside allows air in fromthe t*nk only when you inhale.   The air you breathe out existsthrough the piece on the left.   What about spit?   What happens if I need to droolor hock a loogie or something?   That stuff comes outthe opening here.   And, this should go without saying,but we can't talk underwater.   Instead, we'll use hand signals.   Let's keep things simpleand use two.   When things are going smoothly,we'll use this to say "OK."   When they aren't, use this.   Mr. Joestar, couldn't we justuse our Stands to communicate?   Oh yeah, I didn't think about that.   Aww, man! And I was about to sayI know a really good hand signal.   He says,"Your underwear is showing."   Yeah!   We could be att*ckedand k*lled at any moment!   Stop fooling around and let's go!   This room is about to befilled to the brim with water.   Put your masks and regulators on.   Polnareff!    EPISODE   :THE HIGH PRIESTESS, PART      When did...   The Stand had already integratedwith the regulator!   That bastard...   It's gonna rip him apartfrom the inside!   sh*t!   Drain the room!   It's too late!   It must have been lying in waitfor just this moment!   Crap!   It managed to burrowinside Polnareff!   It'll tear out his guts!   What should we do?   Hierophant Green!   Hermit Purple!   Hey...   I grabbed it before it wenttoo far down his throat!   Me, too!   Let's pull it outbefore it transforms!   Success!   All right, keep it just like that!   Look!   It's transforminginto something else!   You've got to be kidding me!It turned into a spear g*n!   Emerald Splash!   Silver Chariot!   Let's get moving!   It's already reloading!   It doesn't quit!   Hurry!   Move it, old man!   Yeah, I'm coming!   That was too close...   It's too soon for us to relax.   The bastard knows exactlyhow to hit us where it hurts most.   Polnareff, you all right?   Yeah, I'll be fine...   You guys saved me back there.   Merci beaucoup.   Just look at how beautifulit is down here.   This would've made a spectacularplace to visit on vacation.   Plan your next getawayanother time!   We have to surface beforewe run out of oxygen.   Think we're safe?   I believe so.   The High Priestess can transforminto metals and glass,   but it can't take the formof bubbles or fish.   Just keep your eyes peeled.   If it pursues us,   it'll probably transform intoa screw on our gear.   Be careful of moving pebblesand stones, too.   Look! I think it's the sea tunnel!    We're at seven meters.    We've finally reachedthe Egyptian shore!    We can swim along these rocksto the surface!    What?    Is that the...    It's the Stand!It merged with the sea floor!    And it's gargantuan...    It's pulling us into its mouth!    This is impossible!    How is it so gigantic?    The hell?    It's colossal! This power!    It was so small before!    You boys are so slow on the uptake!    Didn't it cross your mindsthat if the rocks are mineral,    it would mean the sea bedis mostly mineral, too?    If the Stand is this powerful,the Stand user must be close!    And I'd wager,she's closer than we think!    You guessed it!    I'm seven meters above you,on the shore!    But since you're about to be groundto bits by my High Priestess,    you'll never have a chanceto see my face!    I can't tell what partof the Stand we're in.    Seems like we'restill inside its mouth.    Luckily, we weren'tsucked down its gullet.    Hey, Jotaro!    You're just my type,    so this is going to be as painfulfor me as for you.    It's too bad I have to makethe High Priestess digest you.    If only things were different.    How sad!    But if I k*ll you,Lord Dio will shower me with praise.    So don't hate me!    Good grief, do I have to?    Just say it!    Come on, hurry, get on with it!    Say what?    I see...    Rose,    I wish I could've seen your face,if only once.    You might've been my type, too.    I just might've fallen for you.    I bet she's a beauty!    I can tell from that voice of hers.    Yes. She comes acrossas an elegant woman.    My fortune teller's instinctsenses it.    If you ask me, she soundsjust like Audrey Hepburn.    Man, if I were only   years younger.    You bastards! You don't meana single word of that!    I'll k*ll you all!    Holy sh*t!    Everyone, look!    What's that?    It's a tongue!    It's the Stand's tongue!Here it comes!    Jotaro!    Jotaro!    Jotaro's going to land in...    He landed right on the molars!    Jotaro! Get outta there!    You'll be crushed!    You want to pit your strengthagainst mine, do you?    Damn, such crazy power...    Jotaro! These teeth areas hard as diamonds!    You'll never be able to break them!    I'll crush you to death!    We have to save Jotaro!    Get outta my way!    That damn tongue again!    Magician's Red!    We're outta time!    Pull him out of there!    -Jotaro!-Jotaro!    HIGH PRIESTESSROSE    Those giant teethpulverized Jotaro!    Jotaro...    We didn't make it in time!    Hold on a sec.I think I hear something.    It sounds as ifit's coming from far away...    I think it's getting closer.    That voice belongs to...    The teeth!It's coming from inside the teeth!    Everyone, brace yourselves!    Huh?    They were hard as diamonds,and he still punched his way out!    Oh, my God!    And look!    He's busting the rest of them!    That show off...    His Stand's immense powernever ceases to amaze me.    C'mon, I'm getting usout of this hell hole!    Good grief.    Well, you were right aboutthose teeth being sturdy,    but they weren't sturdy enough.    Guess your so-called diamondswere a little low on calcium.    You couldn't pay meto do that again...    Hey, there's a womanpassed out over there.    I assume it's Rose,the user of the High Priestess.    Should we leave her?She looks harmless.    I think I'll go seeif she's hot or not!    Looks like she's gota pretty nice body.    Let's see...    Well? Polnareff?    No comment...    Stop! Don't look!    Her teeth are all busted!Don't even bother!    Well, we've finally made it to Egypt.    Indeed.    What would've takena mere    hours by plane,    ended up takinga whopping    days.    It's been quite the adventure.    We've gone inside a brain,and even inside our dreams.    Our dreams?    What do you mean, Kakyoin?    What's all this about dreams?It's morning, wake up already!    Oh, right. You guysdon't remember that.    Whatever. Let's go.    The Stand.    An otherworldly essence,powered by the mystical,    symbolized by the Tarot.    Around the World in    Days.    So was Joseph Joestar's descriptionof their globe-trotting journey.    From Tokyo to Hong Kong,they faced Tower of Gray.    On the seas to Singapore,    they tackled Dark Blue Moonand Strength.    In Singapore, they encounteredEbony Devil and Yellow Temperance.    In Calcutta, India, it wasHanged Man and Emperor.    In Varanasi, India, the Empress.    And near the Pakistani border,they fought Wheel of Fortune.    In the mountains of Pakistan,they battled Justice.    In Karachi, Pakistan, the Lovers.    In the desert ofthe United Arab Emirates, the Sun.    And in Saudi Arabia, Death   .    On a small island inthe Red Sea, Judgement.    And now, on the Red Sea floor,they've defeated High Priestess.    With several ofDio's assassins vanquished,    they have finally arrived in Egypt.    Only a few Tarot Cards remain.    But little do Jojo and crew know,    new threats lie ahead,ready to take our heroes on.    That's...    One, two, three... nine.    There are nine in all.Both genders...    Huh?    What... is that?    Have the meddlesome fliesswarming about been swatted?    The Speedwagon Foundation...    For pity's sake. I can't letmy guard down for a minute.    I've gotten quiteused to this body.    Tell me, Jonathan, can you feel it?    Your descendantsare inching ever closer.    It can be so cruel and unforgiving...    This wretched little world of ours.    So that's what's been going on!    Why didn't you just tell me Jotarowas helping you with work?    That's fantastic!    The boy still has a long way to go,compared with me.    So, this work is important enoughfor you to ask for help?    That's right.    It's my most important mission yet.    It's imperative thatwe don't mess up.    But as long as we work together,we should get the job done.    Say, Joseph.Could I speak to Jotaro?    Sure, but what about?    Nothing much.    Is it wrong that I want to hearmy darling grandson's voice?    Well, no.    Jotaro.    It's me.    Grandpa told me everything, Jotaro!    Work hard. And take care ofyour grandfather for me.    Will do.    I know in my heartif you work together,    you Joestar men can overcomejust about any hardship.    I truly believe that.    Grandma Suzie, you...    Hm? What's the matter?    You sound so seriousall of a sudden.    It's nothing.    All right, I'm hanging up.I look forward to good news. Ciao!    Madam...    It's already been    years    since I've workedfor the Joestar family.    But I can honestly say    we've never faced somethingof this magnitude.    Oh, come now, you're overreacting.    Didn't he sayit's just a business trip?    Well I...    It's so troublesomewhen men refuse to tell us anything.    But I'm used to it all by now.    The Joestar family has beenlike this for an entire century.    I'm sure if she were here,    she'd say the sameand laugh it all off.    What's the matter, Jotaro?    It's nothing.    All right, it's time to head out!    After a century,    it's time for us Joestars to bringan end to Dio's grip on our family!    But we don't have to do it alone.    Hey, Mr. Joestar!    We got the car!    Let's hurry and hit the road!    We should probablyget to where we're going    before it gets too dark.    Old man.    -Guess we are-If you don't hurry up,    -pretty lucky.-we're gonna leave you behind.    Yeah, yeah, we're coming.    This is the land of Egypt:a nation   % desert.    But, thanks tothe blessings of the Nile,    beautiful, fertile greenspreads across    the entirety of its river banks.    In addition to the cultureof the ancient Egyptians,    Egypt is home to Persian, Greek, Roman,    Muslim, and Arabian cultures.    All have lefttheir indelible marks.    In this eternal land,    what bizarre adventuresand challenges await Jotaro and crew?    EGYPT ARC
