02x36 - Hol Horse and Boingo, Part 1 / Hol Horse and Mondatta, Part 1QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/11/23 08:48sh*t, it's so dark.I can't see a thing.  Where is that bastard?  It's broad daylight, and I still haveto feel my way around this dump.  It must've been that room.  Dio must be in there...  What the? These are Dio's leftovers?  Damn broads just throwthemselves at him.  Like they want himto drink their blood.  Nuts, if you ask me.   Guess good's got nothin' on evil.   Besides,where'd he get all this gold stuff from?   This guy can have and do anything.   Did you   want something?   Master Dio!   Damn it.   Just looking at himgives me the chills.   Keep cool, Hol Horse.   Don't let him get to you.   He's nothing.He's only slightly stronger than you...   I repeat,did you want something, Hol Horse?   Ah, uh, well...I came to inform you that,   well, it seems two ofthe Nine Great Gods,   Mariah and Alessi,have been defeated.   And?   And that's not all.   Joestar and the others willarrive in Cairo tomorrow.   Only three of the Nine Gods remain.   When I said, "And"   I was asking about you, Hol Horse.   When will you exterminate them,Hol Horse?   You swore your loyalty to me,   but you've yet toprove yourself in battle.   Anyone can relay information.   You failed me twice,and now you've crawled back to me.   My body once belonged to a man   by the name of Jonathan Joestar.   He was the grandfatherof Joseph Joestar.   Look.   Notice how the left takes longer to heal?   The left side of this body is weak.   It proves that it isn'tyet completely mine.   That I am not yet immortal.   I am ill-equippedto engage in battle with them.   Now you must destroy Joestarand the others.   On my behalf...   If not, I shall k*ll you.   You're messing with the wrong guy!   You think you canthr*aten me into doing you a favor?   Humph... on his behalf...   I'm no fool.   I just side with whoever's strongest.   That was just lip service.I'd never really swear loyalty to you.   I'm not gonna sell you my soul.   Bastard! You're not so tough!   You're wide open!   Seems you're nottoo coordinated yet...   Come to think of it,   I don't have to fight Josephand the other three...   I've got Dio all to myself.   It'd be a hell of a lot easierto blow his head to smithereens   right here, right now.   Then the treasure's mine!   This'll be a piece of cake!   He has no ideaI'm aiming Emperor   point-blank at his skull.   I can finish him off right now.   All it takes is a little pullof the trigger...   It'll be over in an instant.   Emperor was madefor close-combat carnage!   I can do this. I can do this!   What are you doing?You seem to be hesitating.   Die!   I'll splatter your brainsall over the floor, Mister Dio!   Do you really want to sh**t me?   He's gone.   There is something about you.   As you were about to pull the trigger,you did not perspire.   Your breathing was relaxed.   You were completely calm.Impressive, Hol Horse.   How did he do that?   But I didn't see him...   There's no wayhe could have stepped behind me   without breakingany of those spider webs.   No matter how fast he is.   How? How did he get behind me?   I don't understand.   Was that Dio's Stand, The World?   Ill-equipped?Ill-equipped my ass!   I finally understand, Master Dio.   I've got to pledge my allegiance.   You've got me b*at...    EPISODE   :HOL HORSE AND MONDATTA, PART     Ladies and gentlemen,   we hope you enjoyed our flightfrom Aswan today.   We will be arriving on schedule   at Cairo International Airport shortly.   Whoops! 'Scuse us.   Guess it's our cab.    Thanks.    Got a problem there, buddy?    My god...    Take me to Mena House Hotelin Giza, pronto.    I'm going to open the suitcase.    Shut your lids if you don't wantthose peepers to hurt. Got it?    Huh? Did you just say something, sir?    I wasn't talking to you.    Shut up and drive.    Yes, sir.    It's your own damn faultI had to put you on the plane like this.    Next time don't make such a fuss.    Don't be such a baby, Mondatta.    Your brother's got another month    in the hospital thanks to that b*mb.    You're my partner now.    We're gonna use your bookof premonitions and my assassin g*n    to stamp out Jotaro, Joseph,and all of them. Got it, Mondatta?    Listen. I know that you're shy.    That you're afraid of just about anyonebesides your brother, Zenyatta.    But don't you want to avenge your brother?    Do you really wanna be a coward forever,Mondatta?    I'm out of options myself!    We're gonna fight!    We're gonna get our revenge, Mondatta!    I'm going to untie you now,    but you swearyou won't wail and scream?    All right. Good boy.    Don't get too nervous,you'll get sick.    I'm on your side. Don't worry.    Relax.    Sir? Wha--Did you throw up?    Shut up!    Oh... Plane made you sick?    Let's be pals, Mondatta.    I'm Mondatta. This is Hol Horse.    He's mean. I don't like him!    While Mondatta was sleeping,    Hol Horse tied him up andstuffed him in a trunk.    Mondatta was takenfrom his brother, Zenyatta.    He was so sad!    But Mondatta wantedto avenge his brother.    Even though he was very scared,    he worked up his courageand teamed up with Hol Horse.    You won't even get near me?    Well, I guess you're trying.    I heard your Stand predicts the future.Is that really true?    Hell, it better be.    It's the whole reasonI brought you here.    Then again,if your predictions are so great,    why'd your brother get blown sky high?    Answer me!Your Stand predicts the future, right?    A new comic appearedon the blank page...    While Mondatta and Hol Horse werewalking around the outskirts of Cairo,    they met a very pretty lady.    Then Hol Horse suddenly jumpkicked the lady in the neck!    The lady was so happy,    she gave Hol Horse her jewels.    Yay! We're rich!    What in the...    You've got to be kidding me!    You call this a prediction, Mondatta?    This is crazy!There's no way this could happen!    My... My Stand...Thoth's prophecies are    never wrong!    They're    % right.    One hundred percent?Quit messing with me, kid!    Some broad is gonna give me her jewelsafter I jump-kick her in the neck?    No one would ever do that!    Listen, Mondatta.    I'm a gentleman.    I got girls all over the world.    Sure, I might tell a white lie nowand then, but I'd never hit them!    I respect all ladies.    The beauties, the dogs, all of 'em!    There's no wayyour prediction's coming true.    I swear, I won't hit a woman.    Nope, never.Even if she paid me!    It's    % true, yes.    See? The prediction was wrong!    Who the hell are you?    This is...There was a scorpion in your shawl!    -That thing's sting kills!-What?    You spotted the scorpion beforeit could crawl into my clothes.    If you hadn't k*lled it,it would've stung her for sure...    You saved my life. I must repay you.    How about my necklace?    Please take it.    We're invincible!    Mondatta and I are the unstoppable duo!    THOTHMONDATTA    So the building in the picture, huh?    I've been repairing roofs in Cairofor over    years,    and I've never seen a place like this.    From the looks of it,    thing was built abouta     years ago.    I'd guess it's somewhere    south of here.    The buildings in Cairo get olderthe farther south you go.    Huh...    Sorry I couldn't be much help.    No, thanks, sir. Sorry to bother you.    I see. OK, thank you.    I called Japan...    My daughter's much worse.    She's lost all her strength.    She has three, maybe four days.    I can feel it.    Dio is near.    He's hiding somewhere close by.    He has to be around here somewhere.    Let's go.    We'll find him.    We'll talk to everyone we can.    Yes. All we can do is keep on.    We meet again...    Man, I'm getting sick of those faces.    I never thought they'd make itso close to Master Dio's mansion...    They're almost there.    By the way...    Mondatta!    About your new prediction...Are you really sure it's right?    This is just too...There's no way this could happen!    My, my...    "My premonitions are    % accurate."That's what you're trying to say?    They are, yes.    Damn it! I'm supposed to believe this?    You've lost it, boy.    "There, we found them!"shouted Hol Horse.    "Joseph, Jotaro, Polnareff, and Avdol!"    "Darn it!," Hol Horse fumed."They're almost to Master Dio's manor!"    "Gosh-darn bafoons.They each get a b*llet between the eyes!"    Hol Horse was full of bad thoughts.    "You're gonna pay for whatyou did to my brother!"    Mondatta was very furious.    But, Hol Horse, couldn't use his g*n,    the Emperor, in the market.    "Now, Hol Horse," Mondatta instructed,"stick your fingers up Polnareff's nose."    And then...    "We did it! They're out cold fromlosing all that blood!"    Lucky you, Hol Horse!    This is your chance to finish them off!    Like hell I'm gonna believe that!    This is the premonition?    Stick my fingers up Polnareff's nose?    What the hell is this crap, Mondatta?    I get the part about k*lling themand all, but...    I mean it, boy, don't mess with me!    Listen. Even if I am supposed tostick my fingers up Polnareff's nose,    I'd have to somehow getclose enough to him to do it!    It's much faster if I put a b*llet in himwith my Emperor. Am I wrong?    You won't be ableto fire a b*llet... yes.    Even if you try,    fate won't let you... yes.    Trust me... yes.    If you try to go againstwhat's in the comic,    you'll suffer.    It's fate... yes.It's    %... yes.    But your brother followed the comicand nearly d*ed.    My brother was tryingto save himself    and disguised himself    as Jotaro without thinking... yes.    If he had trusted what he readand not disguised himself,    then the real Jotaro wouldhave been blown up... yes.    The premonition was correct... yes.    What to do...    Polnareff's gone.    Hey, where's Polnareff?    Where'd he go?    sh*t! It can't be...    Don't move!    Or I'll lance you head to toe.    Polnareff...    Fool!And what do you think you're doing?    Keep your hands where I can see them.    I thought I saw someonestalking us like a hyena.    And sure enough,it's our old friend, Hol Horse.    Still haven't learned your lesson?Still trying to k*ll us, huh?    Thanks for the good times back in India.    You're lucky Avdol survived.    Or else you'd be dead already.    Are you by yourself, Hol Horse?    Nah, you wouldn't be here alone.    You probably have someone nearby,    don't you?    sh*t!    At least he hasn't noticed Mondatta yet.    I still have a chance...    He can see you!The book! Your fingers!    You're not much ofa thr*at on your own,    but you've got a knackfor picking allies.    If you've found another helperlike before,    you could be seriously dangerous.    So where is he?Where's your Stand-wielding partner?    Your fingers...    Hide your fingers, Mondatta.    If he finds you, it's all over!    Believe!    You got hit becauseyou tried using your g*n.    Believe in fate.    If you believe, we will win... yes.    Hey, what's under that box?Someone's in there!    Hey, Polnareff, did you findthe guy following us?    Gah! It's Avdol!He's headed this way!    Believe, yes!    Trust the book andstick your fingers    up Polnareff's nose... yes!    Are you serious? Damn it...    I've got no choice!Fine, I'll do it!    You under the crate.Show yourself!    Now's my chance!He's looking the other way!    I know you're hiding under there!    What the...    Yes!    Yay! Everyone bled a lotand passed out!    Lucky you, Hol Horse!    Now's your chance to finish them off!    So, when the hellis this chance coming?    What am I supposed to do now?     What the hell are you doing,Hol Horse?    That's what I'd like to know!    What the hell am Isupposed to do now?    Now what?    What's wrong, Polnareff?    He won't answer.    That's odd.    sh*t!They're headed this way!    Damn it!    How do I make the restof the prediction come true now?    What the hellam I supposed to do?    Damn it! I've been cornered!    It's a sign for you to look behind me!    Looks like there wasa car accident over there.    I made tea, so have some lunch.    Once I stuck my fingers up his nose,    the prediction came true.    My premonitions are absolute.It is fate, yes.
