02x47 - DIO's World, Part 3QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/11/23 09:00Futile!  Futile!  So I was right.  The World's speed and powerfar exceeds anything  in your pathetic repertoire of tricks!  Enough play. I am content.  I will finish you with a single blow!  I swore I would never againshow mercy  to any descendant of the Joestars.You must all die swiftly!   The World's true powerwill finish you for all eternity!   The World! Stop time!   The World!   Futile!    EPISODE   : DIO'S WORLD, PART     And now, the Joestar line ends here.   Oh, perennial nemesisand fateful burden...   I bid thee farewell!   Wha...   What?   He just moved!   He... Impossible!   His finger just moved!   Could it be?   They're the same?   It's the same type of Standas Star Platinum.   The World and Star Platinumare the same type of Stand?   Jotaro, can you see me?   Or are you movingyour hand unconsciously?   Time's up.   Could you see me?   I asked if you could see me, Jotaro!   See what?   I don't knowwhat you're talking about, Dio.   Fine! Have it your way!   When time is standing still,your ability to see me is irrelevant!   If you can move like The World does,   then show me!   The first time I managedto stop time was six months ago.   To test my Stand's power and speed,   I ordered my servant to firehis shotgun in my direction.   As I reached to grab a b*llet,   for a split second,it looked as if time had stood still.   That's when it all began.   Perhaps I was seeing things, I thought.   Is this the sensationof an elite boxer witnessing   his opponent's puncheslingering in midair?   Has my sense of time slowed,like a victim watching   his fate unfold moments whena second feels like an eternity.   But my Stand, The World,was able to move between   the hovering b*ll*tssuspended in time...   and grasp them!   It was no illusion!   Lord Dio!   One day,you will dominate time!   You must believe that   you can move amid the realmof frozen time!   It must be like breathing.   Or like snapping an HB pencilbetween your fingers!   You must believeit's completely ordinary.   What's important is thatyou believe you can do it.   You must have the mental fortitudeto push aside your doubts!   You are the ruler of this world!   Controlling time is second nature!   Then one day,   I sensed the wheels of timeand The World interlock.   Like a ray of light dispersingthe shadows,   a revelation befell me.My mind was never clearer.   I, Dio, have surpassedall living things, all Stand users!   Now I can stop timefor five seconds.   And day by day,that time will grow longer!   Jotaro!   Now I shall seejust how powerful you truly are!   The World! Stop time!   You planted a magnet on me.   He must have attached it to my sleevewhen we were exchanging blows.   It looks like a wallet magnetor a magnet from a pocket planner.   You had me fooled.   Very clever indeed.   But...   a trick like this just proves   you can't move while timeis standing still!   You only postponed your deathby a few seconds!   This time, you will...   die, Jotaro!   What?   He... can really move!   Only momentarily, but he can!   The magnet wasn't soI would think he could move...   It was so I would think he couldn't move!It was a trick to lure me in!   You must believeit's completely ordinary!   To think that one of the Joestarscould inv*de my domain...   It is infuriating!   I was able to move for a second...Just a second.   But...   Good grief.   Just enough time for one punch.   You. Woman.   Go fetch me my leg.   Bring it to me now!    Imagine you're a flight attendantbringing wine and caviar    to a passenger in first class!    But it seemsI'll have to blow your head off    to do any real damage.    Looks like you've already recovered.    That gaping hole I opened inyour gut has healed over.    Your eyes followed mewhile time was at a standstill.    You can see me moving,can you, Jotaro?    Thanks to him.    Kakyoin did you quite the favor.    Because he figured outThe World's secret,    you knew I can stop time,    and then you learned how to do it.    Which makes me wonder...    Exactly how long can you movewhile time is frozen?    Two seconds? Three?    Or perhaps, like me,you can move five seconds,    but you're just pretendingthat you can't move longer?    Well?    This isn't good.    I could probably move longerwith some practice,    but right now,the best I can do is a second.    I speculate you can movefor only a single second.    Still, you have managedto infiltrate my world.    Only a fool would riskapproaching you now.    My advantage over youis overwhelming, yes, but...    Jotaro, I've devised a wayto execute you    regardless of how longyou can move!    You've grown pale.    These knives must bringback memories, no?    You know you're goingto die a death    even more terrible thanthat pathetic old man Joseph.    Bastard!    How the hell does he come upwith stuff like this?    This is really bad.    You can't escape!    The World!    Five seconds!    Once time resumes,    can your Star Platinum reallydeflect all of the knives?    Four seconds!    It must be terrifyingto helplessly gaze upon    the agent of your imminent death!    Three seconds.    Just two more seconds.Is that all you can do?    That is the proofof your short-lived abilities.    One second.    Zero.    It's over.    And one more just in case.    To be frank,    I'm relieved that I could defeat youso quickly, Jotaro.    I never would have thoughtyou would infiltrate my perfect world.    I suppose a fitting analogy isthe automobile.    Those moving machines are useful,    but only when the roadsare not clogged with them.    The master of time must be me,and me alone.    Good grief.    Throw enough knives?    He had to go and turn my favorite uniforminto Swiss cheese.    Glad I stuffed my clotheswith magazines.    I figured he'd try throwingsomething at me    but that many was a surprise.    My best bet now is to play possum    and wait for a chance to strike.    I've got to smash his head inand destroy his brains    or he'll never die.    As they say,one can never be too careful.    The Joestars have always enjoyeduncommonly auspicious luck.    He may very well be playing dead.    I have to make surehe is completely devoid of life!    I'll use this...    to chop off his head!    Prepare for your final blow...    Jotaro!    Die, Dio!    Polnareff!    The World!Time is stopped.    So it's you, Polnareff?    And time resumes.    Such a shame, Polnareff.    Just a split second more,    and with just a bit more oomph,    you could have jostled my braininto a mess of scrambled eggs.    Bastard! This can't be...    It's impossible to k*ll me.    After I'm through with you,    Joestar's Merry Tour of Egyptwill come to a tragic end.    Damn it.    At this rate,Polnareff's going to end up dead.    I was going to play deaduntil the last moment possible    before landing a critical blowto his cranium, but...    saving Polnareff would be easy.    But he won't come within rangeof Star Platinum.    It'll end up just like last time.    I can't let him know I'm alive.    As long as he thinks I'm dead,    I'll still have a chanceto get close to him.    It's kind of twisted.    One minute I'm trying to movewhile time has stopped,    and the nextI'm trying to stay completely still.    Farewell, Polnareff!    Jotaro...    Is he aliveor is he regaining consciousness?    Freeze! Police!    Try anything and we'll sh**t!    Now put up your hands slowly.    Ah, what perfect timing.    There's someone I'd like you to sh**t.    It's that man lying over there.    sh**t his leg, his torso,whatever you please.    Come on. Be sure you hit him.    I thought I heard Jotaromake a sound    or was it my imagination?    That sick bastard...    But now his attention is on me,not Polnareff.    He's more than suspicious.    Now he's gonna makedoubly sure I'm dead.    It's only going to get worsefrom here.    Is he breathing?    No, I don't hear respiration.He's not breathing.    Then a heartbeat?    sh*t, this hurts like a...    If I black out,I'll never come back.    If I die because I usedmy Stand to stop my heart,    now that's sick irony...    No heartbeat.He really is dead.    His being alive was justa figment of my imagination.    I'd better behead himfor peace of mind, just in case.    You won't mind right, Jotaro?    What?    Stop time!    The World!    You put me through hell back there.    I'll be damned if I let you tryto stop the clock again,    let alone escape withyour skull intact... Dio.    What? It can't be...    Finally...    Finally, I got to run my fistinto his skull.    But that shithead Dio    lived at the bottom of the seafor over a century.    I can't be surethat bastard's croaked.    This is no time to celebrate.    I'll m*rder you.    What? But how?No! My legs...    I can't move my legs.    I can't stand up!     My head! The excruciating pain...I think I'm going to vomit.     How could this happen?Me, Dio, feel sick?     He damaged my brain.I can't move my legs!    Blast it! I've got to...     I've doused you with gasolineso I can sniff you out.     I hate to kick a guywhen he's down, but...     well, actually I don't give a damn.     It's because of youthat my friends     and countless innocent bystandersare dead.    The World!    If I can...    If I can just make it there...    And now, time will start again.     He had his earto the ground listening for cars.    But...    I can't let him get away!    Just a little farther!    I'm almost there.    Sorry, spot's taken.You're not getting away.    Give it up, Dio.    The World!    You fell for it, Jotaro!    This is my escape route!    I, Dio, have outsmarted you!    Doesn't this street look familiar?    This street... It can't be...    That's right.    My escape route is to drink the bloodof your grandfather, Joseph Joestar!    Dio, you bastard!    Jotaro...    This trip was truly fun, wasn't it?    Joestar blood suits me so well!    This is the greatest high!    There's one simple answer.    You're going to...
