02x07 - StrengthQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/11/23 08:29Enyaba, I have somethingI'd like to ask you.  What does it mean to live?  It is to obtain all that what one desires.  If you were to distill lifeinto its essence,  that is what it would be.  A desire for riches, a desire for fame,  for food, love, and lovers...  But one must always fightto obtain what one wants,  isn't that correct, Enyaba?   Indeed.   And if the battle is lost,   and one fails to obtainwhat one desires most,   the result is frustration, pain,and a sense of failure.   One carries the wound into the future,   into the next fearful battle.   I believe conquering that fearonce and for all   is what it means to live.   The one who stands at the pinnacleis the one who has no fear.   Do you understand, Enyaba?   I was the one who told you about   the existence of your Standand how to use it.   Also you have an immortal body.   Is there anything you could possibly fear?   Perhaps.   What burdens you, my lord?   The Joestar bloodline.   The Joestars? They worry you?Those worms are mere trash.   They are no match for your Stand!   Yes...   But I must believe it's destinywhen the lives of those worms   are so thoroughly entangled with my own.   Let me be clear...   It is not the Joestars whom I fear.   But the fact that I can neverunderestimate their bloodline.   I have decided that I must removethe Joestars from the cogs of fate.   You desire to go forthand eliminate them yourself   simply because you feelthey must not be underestimated?   Yes.   Foolishness!   You must never engagein such trivial matters!   I have sent seven Stand users to command:   The Empress, The Hanged Man,Strength, The Wheel of Fortune,   Temperance, The Emperor, and The Devil.   All of them ready to strike!   Thanks to them, you need nottake any action yourself, Lord Dio.   Whoa!   It's a freighter!   It just appeared out of nowhere!   Jotaro, something's bothering you,isn't it?   You worried another Stand user'son this thing, too?   Not quite.   Strange they lowered the stairs   but there's not a single soulto be seen anywhere.   The ship came all this way to rescue us!   Some sort of crew has to be onboard!   Well, I don't careif they're all Stand users.   I'm getting on this boat.   Take my hand, kid. I'll help you up.   Good grief.   What's with this ship?   There's no captain in the control room!   No engineer in the radio room.   There's no one anywhere!   And yet, look at this!   All the gauges and machineryare working just like normal.   Maybe they're all just in the bathroom   with a bad case of the runs!   Hey! Isn't anyone around?   Guys, come quick!   An ape!   An ape's sitting in that cage.   It's an orangutan.   Who the hell cares about a friggin ape?   Let's split up and findwhoever's been feeding this thing.   Well?   It doesn't appear to be broken, but...   Avdol! That sailor! Watch out!   Good grief.   That isn't any way togreet a lady, now is it?   No one was touching the controls...   Nobody touched the lever.   That crane moved all by itself! I saw it!   That crane impaled him on its own!   Careful! Something's here.   Hey! Don't touch the machinery!   If it moves or runs on electricity,don't lay a finger on it!   If you want to live, then you'll doexactly as I tell you.   Get into the cabin belowuntil I tell you otherwise!   Did anyone see a Stand just now?   No...   My apologies...   I was closest to the crane,yet I sensed nothing.   All right. I'll send Hierophantto investigate!   I have no idea what's going on,   but scary things keep happeningwhenever you guys are around.   Could you guys be jinxed?   I've heard about people who causedisasters that endanger everyone.   If that's what you are,   I'd better stay away.    I can tell you one thing for certain:    We are on your side.    Make sure you stay with the others.Got it?    Okay.    You want me to let you out?    I can't.    I don't know where the key is.Plus you're too big to let out.    You're giving me an apple?    Strange...    This apple's been cut with a Kn*fe,and it hasn't gone brown yet...    It must've just been cut.    Hey, so there is someonesomewhere on this boat, right?    Do you know wherethe person who feeds you is?    You sure are a smart monkey.    A monkey like youis actually into looking at    pinups of girls?    Hey, kid, be careful!    I've heard an orangutan    has five times the strengthof the average human.    He could easily rip off your arm.    Now, come with usto the room down the hall.    You can't be alone.    Okay...    It's inconceivable.    I had Hierophant Greenscour every corner...    yet no sign of human life.    We searched every pipeand crevice, but nothing!    Anything?    It's no use. I can't get a connection.    Well, try again, dammit!    Gross, I'm all stickyfrom the salt water...     DESTRUCTIVE POWER, SPEED     RANGE, PERSISTENCE,PRECISION, DEVELOPMENT POTENTIAL    Hey!    Jojo!    You forgot your lock!    Seems this ape...isn't your run-of-the-mill monkey.    Could he be...    Could he have ripped out the fan?    So this ape's a Stand user.    But where's the Stand?    Why can't I see it?    What?    The steel propeller bent on its own?    -Jojo!    -Hey, what's going on here?    Son of a bitch!    There's no Stand in sight andsomehow the window broke?    Star Platinum!    What's with this thing?    The ape just sank into the walland disappeared!    Hey. You saw that, right?    Stay close to me.    It's not safe in here.    The ape vanished into the wall...    But that orangutanhas to be the Stand user...    When I touched it,    I could feel Stand energyemanating from him.    But why can't I see the Stand?    Wait... What if I'm seeing it already...    What?    What is this?    Crap!    This is...    This freighter...    Could this ship itself be...    So the Stand is the freighter!    Crap!    All of it! Everything!    This ship itself is justone gigantic Stand!    The ship?    But non-Stand users like the girland sailors can see it! How?    The Stand must use so much energythat it's visible to the naked eye!    But it would takean enormous amount of power    to control a Stand like this.    Kakyoin!    You have to use Hierophant Greento let Jotaro know!    I can't!    It's got hold of my Stand, too.    So this is what it means to face death.    We're completely done for.    It's crushing us...    At this rate, our bodiesare going to be pulverized.    We'll all be...    We were careless...    The word the orangutanwas pointing to was "strength."    It means force, energy, power, or aid.    And...it is the eighth cardof the Tarot deck!    It suggests challenge,a strong will, and hidden powers!    Damn ape, thinks he's already won.    "This entire ship is my Stand."    "You've lost!"    "And there's nothing you can do!"    Jotaro needed no explanation.    He knew exactly what the ape was saying!    That button's not your Stand.    Does that upset you?    I guess it wounded your pride,    since you thought you'd already won.    Nah, it's not hurt at all...    Cause ape's like you've got no pride!    That's exactly what makes youan ape and not a man.    What's going to hurt now...    is your head!    Good grief.    I've heard frightened animalsexpose their bellies    as a display of submission.    Are you asking me to forgive you?    I'm afraid your actions haveoverstepped the laws of the jungle.    So I don't think so.    It's all deformed...The whole ship is twisting up!    Hey, save it, will ya?    This ship's going down.    It's time to go.Get back to the life boats!    I can't believe it.    The ship's totally changing.    It's turning into a shabby little boat...    What terrifying power...    That ape was travelingthe ocean on its own Stand.    Never before have I witnessed such energy.    We were completely helpless.    If Jotaro hadn't figured it out,we would've been done for.    I hate to think this power andferocity could be a sign    of things to come.    Hey, you want some gum?    So we're lost at sea again.    Good grief. This cig is soaked.    We'll have plenty of timefor them to dry, Jojo.    Just have to pray we get rescuedand taken to Singapore.    It's been four days since we left Japan...    There are    days left untiltime runs out for the Joestars.     STRENGTHFOREVER    It appears Strength has been defeated.    But have no fear.    The remaining six Stand usersare all very powerful.    And one of them is my own!    My son's right handwill crush our enemies!    You are a strange old woman.    What is it that you desire most?    Oh, but I've told you many times...    My only wish is to stay by your side.    Your guardian spirithas unbelievable power.    Your ability to escape trouble,and your strange life,    are the result of that.    I would like to see your life unfold!    It's the only thing I want...    Once upon a time, there wasa prince from the land of Sumatra    who traveled the seas, seeking new lands.    Eventually, he happened upon an island    inhabited by white-manned lionscalled Singas,    an island he named Singa Pura.    Today, its straits bustlewith ships and tankers    from around the world!    This nation that shares bothWestern and Eastern heritage    thanks to free trade is Singapore!    Good grief. We finally made it.    We'll stay at a hotel tonightand figure out our route to Egypt.    All right, let's stay at that one.    I guess you guys won't evengive us a chance to rest.    She'll be in danger if she stays with us.    And Polnareff fell into that trap?    -There...-...is...    -...a...-...traitor.    Joestar, you bastard.
