02x41 - D'Arby the Player, Part 2QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/11/23 08:57They're about to exit the tunnel!  Oh! D'Arby is ahead!  He's one car length ahead!  Now our speed will double.  I win!  No!  I still have more powerthan you, D'Arby!  Which means...  Kakyoin's car just...   He spun and knockedD'Arby's car off the race track!   He was going     kilometers per hour!   He's out!   Kakyoin's car is safe on the ground.   He did it!   The car with less power losesin collisions.   Forfeiting your powerto ram me was a mistake.   You didn't realize that I intentionallystayed one car length behind   so I could spinand knock you off course.   Is that so?   Seems you're the onewho's missed something.   Losing power was not an accident.   I planned it so you would knockmy car off course!   Everything restson this one moment!   Look where my car is going now!   What?   He landed on the opposite sideof the track, farther ahead!   I don't believe it!   Yes, normally, it's impossible.   Normally, an attempt to make itto the opposite track   by hurdling overthe curve would result   in an abrupt collision with terra firma,even at     kilometers per hour.   You can't make it by jumpingover the curves.   But Kakyoin, it's another storyif you're catapulted over them.   All I needed was your help!   I sacrificed my powerso you would hit me.   It was all part of my plan.   Now, then,   Shall we proceedwith our race, Kakyoin?   Don't give up, Kakyoin!   Kakyoin!   There, his soul is mine.   He admitted defeat.   He knew it was pointlessto continue racing.   I must say Kakyoin,   you are the first opponentto ever make me perspire.   This Kakyoin doll will make a mostexquisite addition to my collection.   He was my first opponentto conquer his fears   and not cr*ck under pressure.   Kakyoin!   I will treasure himand his good company.   Careful.   I advise you to remain calmand not to att*ck me.   And that's not all.   I could slip on a banana peeland hit my head,   choke on a piece of gum,or suffer a heart att*ck   and die from something as simpleas someone popping a bag of popcorn.   Kakyoin's soul would go straightto heaven with me.    EPISODE   :D'ARBY THE PLAYER, PART     -Jotaro?-Oh?   Hey, Jotaro!Why are you sitting down?   I'll b*at him! I'm next!   Old man, have you even playedany of these games?   Stay out of this, old man.   We're not playing cardsor hanafuda here.   We're playing baseball next.   That's how we'll do this.   I bet my soul.   Good. I bet Kakyoin's soul.   There. My Stand, Atum,has released your arm.   Now that I have Kakyoin's soul,   there's no reason for me to keepmy Stand's hand on you.   And I'd be at a bit of a disadvantage   if I faced youwith my Stand one-handed.   I know your Star Platinumis swift and precise.   Of all the gamesyou could have chosen...   This one is my specialty.   D'Arby! The minute Jotaro beats you,I'll throttle you.   Don't forget that.   This game hasn't been tamperedwith either.   I'm certain.   First, pick your team.   Jaguars.   I see.   You selected a strong offensive team.   You have two batters with overa .    batting average.   Then I'll choose the Red Dragons.   Offense or defense?Take your pick.   Offense.   Fine. Jaguars will bat first.   You can design your own playersby drawing their faces.   This is Star Platinum.   Done.   Now, shall we play ball?   Jaguars versus Red Dragons.   Play ball!   TOP OF THE FIRST   I've chosen number    as my pitcher.   January  th is my birthday,you know.   Here we go.    The pitcher is winding up.    The first pitch!    What?    Strike one!    Hey, Jotaro.What did you just do?    You swung the bat before the pitchereven threw the ball!    Hey, Jotaro...    What are you practicingyour swing for?    No...    Is this the first timeyou've played this game?    Have you even playedvideo games before?    Answer me, Jotaro!    Relax. I know how to play baseball.    I'll figure outthe game's controls as I go.    What?    Your timing is totally off!    Your swings are pathetic!    This is your first time playing,isn't it?    Strike two!    Now you swung the bat afterthe catcher caught the ball!    You have no clue what you're doing!    Dammit, Jotaro!    You've never playeda video game before, have you?    Strike! Batter out!    Quit messing around, Jotaro!    Stop trying to act so cool!    You bet your soul!There's no backing out!    Good grief.    This is when you're supposedto cheer for me.    Like "It's only the first inning.The game's just started.    You can do it, Jotaro." Like that.    What are you thinking?    Star Platinum's reflexes mean nothing    if you don't know the first thingabout video games.    Do you honestly think you can b*at him?What's your plan, Jotaro?    What's going onin that head of yours?    Jotaro.    If you're trying to trick meby pretending to be an amateur,    it's not going to work.    I'd never let my guard down,not even against a child!    I've bet a soul,and I will not hold back.    Old man.    I have no plan.    My only "plan" is to knock    the nose straight off the condescending,over-inflated douchebag    taking up space beside me.    All I care about is gettingKakyoin's soul back.    Say what you'd like.    It's still the top of the first inning,and you have one out.    There's still more game to play.    And remember,    if you fall more thaneleven points behind,    you lose.    Second batter, number three.    Strike!    He's getting worse!    He was over    centimeters abovethe ball when he swung!    Strike two!    Not even close!    Strike three! You're out!    It's all over.    He's no competition for him.    It's like the high schoolbaseball champs    going against the tea ceremony club.    It's pathetic.    Strike!    Strike two!    It looks like he really is a beginner.This is too easy!    In the same waythat a judo pro can gauge    his opponent's skill simply by lookingat the way he wears his gi,    I can tellJotaro is a complete video game novice!    But I will never let my guard down.    I know every batter's weaknessin this game.    Next will be a low pitchto the outside.    I'll throw my best pitch,the four-seam fast ball,    and strike him out!    First inning, two outs,two strikes, no fouls.    Here comes my next pitch.    Go ahead.    I pretty much got the hangof batting now.    What did he just say?    "Got the hang of it"?    What?    He can't have...    What is he talking about?    What does he mean?    What?    Jotaro!    Good. This game is pretty fun.    Huh? It can't be...    It's going. The ball is still going!    What did he say just now?    He just "got the hangof batting now"?    Got the hang of it?    It's good!    You've got to be kidding me!No way!    Home run!    A home run!    Jotaro!    What did you just say?    "I got the hang of it"?    Did you really say,"I pretty much got the hang of batting"?    I'm not going to say it again.    He was a beginner.    He learned how to swingwith just eight pitches?    Jotaro Kujo has all the speedand dexterity of Star Platinum.    Now I know why Master Diofinds him to be problematic.    Now I know why my brother lost.    Interesting. I couldn't have askedfor a more fitting opponent.    But revealing your talentsso early in the game,    that, my friend, is a mistakeyou will regret.    The game continues, Jotaro.    He did it!    He did it again!    Another home run!    You scored four runsin the first inning!    Looks like you've got this gamein the bag, Jotaro!    Keep it up! Keep going!    Hey, D'Arby.    I know you'll turna deaf ear to me,    but I'll say it anywaycause I'm a nice guy.    If you return Kakyoin's souland take us to Dio,    we'll spare your life.    My brother was a master gamblerand a genius con artist.    Yet he never said,    "Terrence, let's playa game of poker."    Not even once.    Why do you think that is?    When I was fifteen, I caught my brothermaking a move on my girlfriend.    He was ten years older than me,and I b*at him to a bloody pulp.    I broke his ribs and kicked himuntil he vomited blood.    The last thing he eversaid to me was, "I'm sorry."    Do you know why?    Cut to the chase, bastard!    Ever since we were kids,    my brother knewhe could never b*at me.    And there's a reason for that.    Right now, you may appear confident,hitting home run after home run.    But you feel a sense of unease,    just like my brotherdid all those years ago.    My prowess worries you, doesn't it?    You're thinking,"No... Maybe... It can't be..."    Right, Jotaro?    What are you talking about?    I'm changing pitchers!    Number    is out.Number    is in.    Number    is a power pitcher witha maximum pitch speed of     km/h.    I'll also tell you my pitch.    Number    will throw a forkballright down the middle!    What? He's declaringwhat he's throwing?    A forkball right down the middle.    Do you believe me or not?    Jotaro, he's just trying to shakeyour confidence.    Just ignore him!    Throw the ball, D'Arby.    To believe or not to believe?    It's coming right at him!    It's a fastball!    Is it going to change direction?    What's going to happen?    He swung!Jotaro bet on the forkball!    But it's not changing direction!It's a fastball!    He hit the bottom of the ball!    Out!    First inning!Three outs! Change!    FIRST INNING    You idiot!    You fell for it?You swung for a forkball!    No.    He already knew I would swingfor a forkball.    He knew before he threw the ball,so he switched to a fastball.    And he's right.    I've been worried ever sincewe stepped foot into this mansion.    He somehow knew that Star Platinumwould throw a left punch.    That's impossible!    Are you trying to tell mehe can read your mind?    It's my turn at bat.    This will be a home run.    I'll hit a home run right intothe left-field bleachers.    Old man.    You're sure the gameand console are good, right?    I'm positive.    And I haven't seen him makeany funny moves either.    Then the secret is his Stand.    His Stand doesn't just take souls.    He has another ability.    I'm going to aim for...    Now I'll get to the bottom of this.    What? He's going to try to hitthe batter on purpose?    Where might you be aiming now?An inside pitch?    Will you throw it high?    Or low?    Are you planning some sort of trick?    What? He pulled back the secondJotaro threw the ball!    He knew exactlywhat was going to happen!    There's no wayhe could have done that    without reading Jotaro's mind.    Home run!    That's one run.    Damn.    We've faced all kinds of opponents,but never one who could read our minds.    If he can really read our minds,    then it doesn't matter how smartor strong we think we are.    We don't stand a chance!    Jotaro, what are you going to do?    BOTTOM OF THE FIRST    Damn it! He's declaringanother home run.    Let's see.Will it be an outside pitch?    Or are you going to aim low?    Perhaps a fastball?    Four to two.    A person's body languageand the surrounding environment    can sometimes help predictan opponent's next move.    But never perfectly.    His Stand predicts Jotaro's pitchwith    % accuracy.    And technically he's not cheating!    Another home run!It's four to three!    How do we stop himfrom reading our minds?    How?    I'll be in the lead in no time.    Now, will your next movebe an inside pitch?    A fastball? A high pitch?Perhaps a curveball?    Oh, what do youhave up your sleeve?    Your hat...    Heh, you fool.     Do you honestly thinkI'd cheat like my brother?    Jotaro, that's not it!    Hiding your facewith your hat won't help.    He's not watching the reflectionof the screen in your eyes.    There's no way he can seewhat you're pressing    or what pitch you're choosing.    I've been watching him.That's not what's going on.    I'm sweating.    That's why I took it off.    Please hurry upand throw your next pitch.    But I won't besweating anymore.    I'll tell you my next pitch.    I'm throwinga high, outside fastball.    What?    What?What did you just say, Jotaro?    Just as I said.    Losing your hearing, old man?    I just told him my next pitch.    I'm going to throw a high,outside fastball.    Jotaro!    To believe?Or not to believe?     Not too bright, are you?    NEXT EPISODE PREVIEW    What did you just say, Jotaro?    I said I was going to declare my pitch.    -Jotaro is not lying.-Yes.    -You rigged the console somehow!-No.    Your school hat provesthat you're cheating!    It's not cheatingif you don't get caught.
