02x44 - The Miasma of the Void, Vanilla Ice, Part 3 / The Miasma of the Void, Cool Ice, Part 3QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/11/23 08:58What the...This carnage...  It's perfectly spherical, like someonepulled a cork out of the wall.  What in God's name...  It's not just here. The destructionspreads into the other room.  There's no question.  Avdol and the othershave had a brush with evil!  Jotaro! Break down this door!We're going in!  Yes.  So long, Iggy.    EPISODE   : THE MIASMA OF THE VOID,COOL ICE, PART     Polnareff. The blood that stainsmy body is not your handiwork.   It is Avdol's.   My plan was to simultaneouslyeradicate you both,   but Avdol pushed youout of harm's way.   Anyone else would haveinstinctively saved himself.   He is the one responsiblefor my injuries.   I may be injured,but I am far from death.   Now I shall k*ll the other three!   They will not survive,I assure you.   Dammit, Iggy.I told you not to use your Stand.   You had to show off...   I told you not to do it.   Polnareff!   To Cool Ice, he was a filthy stray.A soul without resolve.   A soul that knew no pride.   But a Stand is a manifestationof the soul.   Iggy's soul actedof its own volition.   Something had compelled it to action.   The sand... I can feel it.But it's a Stand...   How could this have happened?Damn it!   It's a lifeless remnant.A vestige of a Stand...   I feel the chill of death.A life cut short.   Damn!Why am I the one who survived?   Ig...   Iggy!   You're slow, Cool Ice.And it's as you say.   Life is cruel.My friends have all left me.   I was supposed to save Iggy,but instead, he saved me.   Damn it!   How could this be happening?   I only now realizewhat he meant to me.   It always happens this way.   It's always after they're gone.   You may've beena miserable little mutt,   but you always impressed me.You were stubborn.   You lived life by your own rules,not by the whims of others.   Now I understand.   Your indifference to us wasa product of your self-respect.   I told you not to save me.   Damn! Why did you haveto be so stubborn?   I knew it.I know what you are, Cool Ice.   I knew something was strange.   You're immortal.Dio's changed you somehow.   What's happening to me?   You didn't even notice it yourself?   He gave you his blood, didn't he?   I never would have guessed.You're turning into a vampire.   Your body is just like Dio's.   A soulless, filthy vampire!   You bastard!   I must have k*lled your old body   when I drove that saberthrough your gullet.   Bring it!   Come on!What are you waiting for?   Didn't you swearto protect "Lord" Dio?   Come and get me! I'm right here!   What's wrong, Cool Ice?I'm waiting!   You're not going to...   Burn in Hell.   Avdol. Iggy!   Am...   Am I seeing things?   Or...   There's no time.I have to go upstairs   and reach Dio.   Mourning can wait.    AVDOL: DECEASEDIGGY: DECEASED   THE FOOLIGGY   Japan.   Forty-three days have passedsince Jojo and crew began their journey.   Stop the car, Rosas.   I said, stop the car.   SOBA AJIDOKORO   Madam, you don't really intendto visit that soba stand, do you?   Of course I do!   It's been so longsince I've been in Japan.   I'd like a quick bitebefore I go see my daughter.   You! Hold my turtle for me.   You mustn't, Madam!   In Japan, these kindsof establishments are frequented   by common businessmen,not by ladies like yourself.   Madam Joestar, you mustn't.   Oh, calm down. It's so quaint,I have to record it.   How utterly fantastic!   Such local flavor...Good!    NO VOMITING OR PEEING   Mister Rosas.   Have you told Madamabout her daughter Holly's condition?   Over here, Rosas! Hurry!    Coming, Madam!    I haven't uttered a word.    She came to Japan to visit Holly    under the assumptionthat she has pneumonia.    I've worked for the Joestar familyfor    years.    And I've known Lady Hollysince she was in grade school.    I know I haveto tell her the truth,    but I don't havethe heart to tell her.    Being in Japan hasn't changed that.    Holly is at death's door.    She has only a few days left.    Would you like me to tell her, sir?    No. I've been lyingto Madam Joestar long enough.    I shall tell her myself.    Is it true that Holly will be curedif Dio is defeated?    Yes, if we destroy him.    Holly's body is reactingto a certain energy known as a Stand.    Only people with Standscan observe the phenomenon.    Put simply, Dio's evil energyis slowing destroying her.    Madam cannot see Stands.    But she will see her only daughteris in the final throes of death.    You must tell Madam now.    Throes of death?    Rosas, what are you doing out here?    Come have some curry udon with me.    Madam, there's somethingI must tell you.    Oh! I must get some footage     of this fascinatinghealth-drink vending machine!    Good!Would you like one, Rosas?    Madam, please stop!Those are not drinks!    Please listen to me, Madam!    Oh? What is it?    Well, it's about Lady Ho--    Look at this Japanese man!Such a unique fashion sense!    Very nice!    Good!    Hello, give me a smile!    What the hell?     Who gave you permissionto videotape me, huh?    Madam, please get back in the car!    Yay!    Come back here, damn it!Messing with me, huh?    Gimme that camera!    Who the hell are you?Damn foreign hag!    Looking to see some blood, bitch?Huh?    That's quite enough.    I forbid you to lay a fingeron the Madam.    Madam! You need to learna bit more about Japan!    Okay.    I couldn't tell her    that Lady Hollyhas only a few days left.    To bear such sorrowful news.To traumatize her so...    We're almost here.I still haven't told her.    Soon we'll be in sightof the Kujo house.    I must tell her now.    I must be the one to tell her!    Rosas.    I know there's somethingyou're trying to tell me.    I know what's troubling you.    My daughter's lifeis in danger, isn't it?    When I called her from New York,    Holly would try to be cheerfuland pretend.    She said it was just a cold.    Joseph would alwayscall me on his trips,    saying he was fine and very busy.    But I knew...    I knew something terriblewas happening    to my daughter and husband.    I've been married to himfor fifty years.    She's my own flesh and blood.    I was scared.    I was scared of what I would find.    I so much wantedto see my daughter,    but the thought of going to Japanwas too much.    Since you are aware of the situation,we will tell you the truth.    Your daughter has onlya few more days to live.    Mister Joestar and the otherstraveled to Egypt    to eliminate the sourceof her illness,    but we haven't heardfrom them since.    Please forgive mefor not telling you, Madam.    There was nothingwe could do for Lady Holly,    it was too difficult.    It was so cruel!    What kind of foolishnessis that, Rosas?    There is one thingwe can do for Holly.    Holly.    Mother...    Rosas, listen carefully.    What we can do for my daughteris believe.    I don't understandthe whole picture, but I know    if Joseph and my grandson, Jotaro,are trying to save Holly,    I will put my faith behind them.    He has never let me down,    not since the day we metin Italy fifty years ago.    If he says he's goingto do something, he will do it.    Believe in Jotaro and your father.    You'll get better, and our familywill be together again.    Mother...    Madam... Miss Holly...    STAR PLATINUMJOTARO KUJO    Cool Ice, Billie Jean,D'Arby Younger...    I knew you were incompetent fools!    I can't help but laugh!Serves them right!    Oh the satisfaction,oh the sweet vindication!    That's what they getfor calling me a loser.    Guess who's the loser now!    Pathetic loser.    There's no way you can defeatthe Joestars with that power.    Shut up and get out of the way.    Hey! I want to fight them, too.    You're just an ordinary vampire.    Get in our way and we'll k*ll you.    Behave yourself, loser.    I'll be the onewho finishes off Jotaro!    Stop! There's something up ahead,to the right.    It's a woman...    Please have mercy!    Please don't suck my blood!    I'll do anything you want!Just don't k*ll me, please!    Hey, just wait a second.Calm down.    I swear I won't run away anymore!Please, have mercy on my soul!    Just calm down!    We aren't Dio's minions,and we aren't vampires.    We're the good guys.    We'll help you,but you need to calm down.    Good guys...    Good guys? You're not the vampires?    You're really going to help me?    That's right. We're good.    Good at defending justice.    Sure, we'll help you.    Help you go straight to Hell!    Right, Kakyoin?    This is impossible!How did you do it?    How did you figure it out?    My power is impossible to cr*ck!    Is your power having the faceof a woman on the back of your head?    If you're going to flip your head,    you should make sureyour hands match.    Damn, you're right!    I never noticed. Blast it!    All right, loser.    Tell us where's Dio's room.    Jotaro, don't knock him out.We need him to take us to Dio.    Why, you...    How dare you call me that?I'll show you!    I'll k*ll you!    Lord Dio's blood flows throughmy veins. I'm immortal!    Oh? Did you just sayyou were immortal?    So you're a vampire just like Dio.    Then let me test how immortalyou really are.    You know, for future reference.    Oh my God!    I see. You really are immortal.    Vampire or not, we can still tear youinto a million little pieces.    Come on. Take us to Dio.The sun's about to set.    Okay. But may I ask you one thing?    How did you knowthey call me "loser"?    Good grief.    Nice curtains, Dio has.    Now I can walk, even jump.    It still hurts,but now's not the time to fret.    Finally, Polnareff.We meet at last.    Dio.    At last you show yourself.    So we finally meet, Dio.    I don't have fond memories of them.    I do not regret this journey.    I'll tell you everythingthat just happened.    Not good.Something here is not good!    When did he bring out that Stand?    I shall give you one chance.
