02x46 - DIO's World, Part 2QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/11/23 09:00What are you doing, Kakyoin?  I've got it.  I know how to find the secretof his Stand.  What?  For Noriaki Kakyoin,Hierophant Green is a reminder.  It's about Noriaki.  He makes no attempt to socializewith the other children.  It's not that he's disliked.  He seems rather reserved;too reserved, in fact.   As his teacher,I'm very concerned.   I'm ashamed to say,   but I'm afraidI don't understand it either.   It was always the same loop of thoughtsrunning through my head:   We all live in cities,and meet all sorts of people.   But how often do we makea genuine human connection?   All of my classmates'have address books   filled with their friends' names.   Each one of them must havea book of fifty,   maybe one hundred names.   Mom has dad, and dad has mom.   But I'm different.   I'm sure rock starsand TV celebrities   have tens of thousands of friends.   But I'm different.   I'll never have any friends.   No one will ever get me.No one can see Hierophant Green.   How can I relate to someonewho can't see the real me?   That's how I used to think.   Until I met Mr. Joestar, Jotaro,Polnareff, and Avdol.   Why does the mere thoughtof Avdol and Iggy   make the hairs on my backstand on end?   I know.It's because they're   the first peoplewho treated me like a friend.   Our goal to defeat Dio, together.   Our journeymay've been short-lived,   but we grew to be true friends.   For Noriaki Kakyoin,Hierophant Green was a revelation!   I'll make Hierophant Greenthe way it used to be.   Invisible to everyone!   I'll make Hierophant imperceptibleto reveal Dio's secret   before finishing him off for good!    EPISODE   : DIO'S WORLD, PART      Look, Jotaro!   The cars are totaled!   Up there.   The old man and Dio are upon the roof.   I see only Kakyoin and Josephbefore me.   Interesting.   They split up to att*ck mefrom both sides.   Jotaro and Polnareff must be comingafter me from behind.   Futile.   This is...   Kakyoin's Hierophant Green!   He turned it into a web?   -This is...-That's right!   The web fires on contact.   And it has you completely surroundedfor    meters in every direction!   I can sense youand your Stand's every move!   Take this, Dio!Twenty-meter radius Emerald Splash!   You fool. Find out for yourself.   The true power of The World   is the power to rule the world!   Show me your Stand, Dio!   The World!   What? Kakyoin!   Something just sent himhurtling through the air!   But how?   Kakyoin!   What just happened?   Did he get me?   It's no use. It must be fatal.   I can't speakor even move my finger.   It's  :  .   And midnight in Japan.   I wonder what mom and dadare doing.   I suppose they're already asleep.   I'm sorry for causing youso much worry.   Noriaki Kakyoin's last thoughts were notof his parents back in Japan.   Now his parental musingshad given way to the single question   that bewildered himmore than any other.   I can sense any movementwithin Hierophant Green's web.   But Dio managed to breakthe entire web in one moment.   Not one strand at a time,   but all of them at once.   Without even a ten-thousandthof a second difference.   How did he instantaneously shatteran entire   -meter-radius area?   How?   Not even a slight delay...   How all at once?   How?   Kakyoin!   Enough! Hermit...   Joseph, you're next.   For Jonathan's body to finallybecome completely mine,   I must drink the bloodof a Joestar.   Now's as good a time as any,don't you think?   Dio!   Why all at once?Without the slightest delay in time...   Time...    Time...    The time!    I got it.    How could this be?There's no other explanation.    I have to tellthe others somehow!    The disturbing realitybehind his ability.    I have to tell Mr. Joestar.    Otherwise, everyone will...    die.    You're not getting away with this!    I'll take that body back,for Granny Erina!    Erina? That country bumpkin?    Nonsense.    I predict I drink all of your blood.Then you die.    Joseph Joestar!    Die!    My last Emerald Splash...    A final pointless att*ck?    Behold, a "hero"in the throes of death...    I suppose that washis last pathetic attempt    to make his mark on the world.    No!    Kakyoin would neverjust throw in the towel    with some meaningless att*ck.    Why did he strike the clock?    What does it mean?    Was he trying to tell me something?    It's a message.    I have nothing left...    Mister Joestar...    You must understand.    You must tell the others.    Kakyoin!    Noriaki Kakyoind*ed that moment.     NORIAKI KAKYOINDECEASED    Hermit Purple!    Prepare yourself, Dio!    Hamon of the Sun!    You senile old fool!Your Stand is the weakest of all!    You're not escaping me!    Kakyoin,why did you destroy the clock?    You were tryingto tell me something    by aiming for the clock tower,weren't you?    It must mean something!    It's Mr. Joestar!    And Dio's chasing him.    Where's Kakyoin?    Did you, Kakyoin,    in the face of death,figure out the secret of his Stand?    Destroying the clockwith Emerald Splash.    Destroying the clock's hands.    Stopping the clock.    Impossible! Dio's Stand...    The power of The World...    It can stop time!    Take this, Dio!Twenty-meter radius Emerald Splash!    The World!    Behold The World.    Since time is stopped for you,you likely see and feel nothing.    Die, Kakyoin!    You don't even knowyou're about to die.    You have no knowledgeof what has just occurred.    I got it, Kakyoin!    Your dying message... I got it!     HERMIT PURPLEJOSEPH JOESTAR    A Stand that can freeze time?    Freeze time and still move freelywithin space?    That's unbelievable!    A Stand like that,can anyone b*at it?    Calm down and think!    The word "panic"isn't in my vocabulary.    I will find a way...    I will find a way to defeat him!    He's gone!    What's the matter?    Aren't you going to hit me, Dio?    I thought you were goingto drink my blood.    So you're running Hamon throughyour body to protect yourself.    You've wrapped your bodywith Hamon-infused Hermit Purple,    like a cloak of high-voltage wires.    Very resourceful.Truly a geriatric genius.    Same to you.    You figured out I was using Hamonand made sure not to touch me.    Perceptive son of a...    But I figured one thing outabout your Stand.    You can stop time,but only for a short while.    Only about three to four seconds,I'd say.    If you could stop time longer,    you would've already k*lled usback at your mansion,    and you wouldn't have hadto come after us.    So you understandThe World's ability?    Kudos, Joseph.    It was Kakyoin who figured it out.    Kakyoin didn't die in vain!    And so what?    So what if you know my ability?    What can your pathetic Hamon do?    -Hermit Purple and Hamon!-Enough!    I can k*ll you without touchingthe Hamon!    Hey, look.    Some old man fell out of the sky!    I bet he's Santa Claus!    What were you doing on the roof?    Looking for pretty girls below?    Old man!    Jotaro! Stay back!    Don't come near me!    Jotaro... Such good timing.    But he's still out of my range.    I'll finish Joseph off first.    Jotaro! The World controls time!    It's a Stand that can stop ti--    The World!    In the beginning, I could stop timeonly long enough to blink.    But as my neck began to heal,    I was able to stop timefor two seconds, then three.    Now I can stop timefor as long as five seconds.    Then again, time is stopped,    so all I can say is that it feelslike five seconds.    Soon I'll be able to stop timefor one minute...    Then ten minutes, an hour...    And later, as long as I desire!    How fun it will be.    Being able to stop timeto my heart's content...    Oh, I almost forgot.    Joseph's protecting his bodywith Hamon.    Hamon was a thorn in my sideone hundred years ago,    but it's powerlessagainst The World.    Futile!    Joseph, grandson of Jonathan,    you're dead!    One...    Zero.    THE WORLDDIO    Old man!    Stay back! Run... Jotaro...    Don't get near him.    Keep your...    distance...    Stay away from him...    He's... invincible...    I've already taken care of Kakyoin.    Polnareff must be hiding somewhere.    But it doesn't matter.    You're next, Jotaro!    You bastard.    Dio!    Oh? So you want to fight?    Instead of running,you're moving in closer.    How ungrateful. And afteryour dear grandfather, Joseph,    gave his life to tell youthe power of The World.    He was so desperate,like a pathetic student struggling    to fill in the last few answers of a testas the final seconds tick by...    I can't b*at you to a pulpfrom far away.    Oh, then approach as you must.    You're slow! The Worldis the most powerful Stand.    The World's speed and powerfar outmatches your Star Platinum,    regardlessof its time-stopping ability.    Your Stand is similarto my Star Platinum.    We don't have long range,    but we have incrediblepower and precision.    I always wanted to seehow much stronger    The World is than Star Platinum.    Though it seems pointlesseven to compare.    You wanted to compare?    All you didwas pat me on the leg.    Well, I guess you did ripmy   ,   -yen pants, though.    Why are you Joestars so stubborn?    You can never admit defeat,can you?    Fine, I'll accept your provocationand resume our comparison.    A comparison of punching speed, eh?    Futile!    I first experienced stopped timehalf a year ago.    It began when everything around meseemed to have stopped.    It will be The World's true powerthat deals the final blow!    The World, stop time!
