04x18 - Head to Venice! / Verso VeneziaQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 09:44Ghiaccio: I should be able to meet up with Melone in about an hour.Risotto: Ghiaccio, I'll leave the situation to you and Melone.Risotto: You can never be too careful.Risotto: I'll stay here and try to figure out where they're headed.Ghia: Got it, Risotto.Riso: How much longer are you going to make me wait? Hurry up.JoJo-main: ,You should have no problem restoring this.Guy: Risotto.Guy: Do you really think you can get away with betraying Passione?Riso: We're a bit short on time.Riso: Next will be your left eye.Riso: As long as you have your right hand and right eye, you can still work.Guy: You should know better than anyone!JoJo-main: ,Anyone who betrays the boss will be erased...JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio   Head to Venice!Baby: What?!Gio: The hand that I cut off has already become another living creatureGio: and invaded your body.Gio: As you can see, it turned into a piranha!Gio: There's a huge hole that goes all the way to its head...Gio: and it can still move?Melone: Wh-What's wrong, Babyhead?Melone: Answer me! Hey!Sign: This is turtle sh*t...Baby: This is literally sh*t that the turtle left behind!Baby: Why the hell do I have to go through this?Baby: Damn it!Baby: This pain in my heart...Baby: You're going to make up for thisBaby: by dying in disgrace! I'll see to that!Gio: If Bucciarati and Trish won't turn back to normal unless I destroy you...Gio: then I'll do it!JoJo-main: ,You're not getting away. Next, I'll go for your head!Baby: Go ahead and try it...JoJo-main: ,you dickhead!Sign: DickheadI'll k*ll you...Go ahead and try it...Melone: Damn it...Melone: The only problem with auto-tracking is that it won't listen to me  percent.Baby: You bastard!Gio: You got me three times already.Gio: I know the range of your att*cks!Gio: That bastard's range...JoJo-main: ,just grew!Melone: It's gotten taller?Melone: It must've grown even more because it got pissed off!Melone: Di molto!Melone: I knew choosing that woman as the mother was the right choice!Baby: Simple is best.Baby: I'm going to k*ll this bastard exactly how I want to k*ll him!Gio: Bring it back, Golden Wind!Baby: Die!GW: Useless!Gio: A direct hit.Baby: You should get your eyes checked.Baby: You didn't hit my head!Baby: I've won! This is the end!Gio: I told you, it's useless.Baby: Wh-What the hell?!Gio: Look again.JoJo-main: ,The hand that Golden Wind brought back wasn't its own.Gio: It's the bike.JoJo-main: ,I gave the bike life and had it return to us as a hand.Crush,Sfx: CrushGio: You just took that bike into your body,JoJo-main: ,as a part of you.Baby: This is nothing...Baby: I'll just split apart and get away aga—Gio: Think about it.Gio: There's gasoline in bikes.Gio: I'm pretty sure I can cause a big enough expl*si*n to keep you from splitting apartGio: in time to escape.Baby: What?!Crush,Sfx: KaomBaby: Sizzling... Burning...Gio: Looks like doing what you wanted was useless...JoJo-main: ,in the end.Sign: Burn burn burn burn burn burn burn...ing...!Melone: I-It disappeared?JoJo-main: ,My contact with it disappeared?!Melone: Damn it! This is unbelievable!Melone: Curse you, newbie!Bruno: He did it.Ghia: It should be somewhere around here...Old: My car is gone!Lady: Where's my car? Was it stolen?!Ghia: That's Melone's bike...Ghia: I was told to leave no stone unturned andJoJo-main: ,take a leaf out of someone's book if I have to, in order to find them...Ghia: I get the "leave no stone unturned" part.JoJo-main: ,I totally get it.Ghia: I mean, you have to turn stones over to find stuff.Ghia: But what the hell does it mean to take a leaf out of someone's book?!Ghia: What's a leaf doing inside a book?!Ghia: Damn it!Ghia: What's that supposed to mean?!Ghia: Why the hell is there a leaf in a book?!Ghia: You think I'm stupid?! Damn it!Ghia: Hey, Melone! Bucciarati and his crew are nowhere to be found!Ghia: Are you listening?! Hello?!Melone: I hear you...JoJo-main: ,But I haven't completely failed just yet!Melone: I still have Bucciarati's blood!Melone: I can create an infinite number of Juniors!Melone: I'll have them track Bucciarati down immediately!Ghia: You'd better, Melone.Melone: We need to be extra careful with the newbie.Melone: We should get rid of him first.Melone: I'll find an even better motherMelone: and create an even more powerful and invincibleMelone: Junior to go track them down.Melone: What the hell was that?JoJo-main: ,It looked like a snake...Ghia: What? What's wrong?Melone: What's a snake doing at a station in Rome?Melone: I-It's burning!Melone: This is... that newbie's ability...JoJo-main: ,He must've used Junior's corpse to—Ghia: Hello?JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Hey, Melone! What's wrong? Hey!Gio: The venomous snake I left at Roma Termini StationGio: reverted to being one of the enemy's components.Fugo: We disposed of the user.JoJo-main: ,That makes five.Fugo: If the information we have is correct,Fugo: there are only two members of the Hitman Team left.Mista: Still, we can't let our guard down.Mista: Let's haul ass to Venice!Ghia: Now Melone, too?Ghia: sh*t! sh*t! sh*t!Ghia: sh*t!Ghia: Hello?!Risotto: It's me. I've managed to get that thing analyzed.Ghia: Huh?!Riso: I'm sending the data right now.Bruno: We've received a new order from the boss.Bruno: Abbacchio, could you come over here by this chair?Abba: Me?Bruno: Here's the order.Abba: "Have Abbacchio use his Moody Jazz near the chair and rewind  hours."Bruno: Someone was inside this turtle before we got here.Bruno: I think that's what this suggests.Abba: Got it.JoJo-main: ,Then I'll search from around  hours back.Abba: It transformed.Nara: Hey, I've seen that geezer before!Bruno: That's the capo, Mr. Pericolo.Bruno: So he was the one who placed the turtleJoJo-main: ,next to the water fountain at Naples Station.Abba: And approximately  hours ago, he entered this turtle.Abba: I'm continuing the replay.Peri: Bucciarati and team, I will now give you your final order.Bruno: Final order?Peri: The reason we're using this method to give you information is to prevent leaks.Peri: I'm about to tell you something of utmost importance that no one else must learn:Peri: how you're going to hand Trish over to the boss.Peri: How we're going to...Nara: ...hand Trish over?Peri: Well, here it is.JoJo-main: ,Once you safely get to Venice,JoJo-main: ,go to this sculpture and retrieve the OA-DISC that's inside.Peri: It contains the data on how you're going to hand her over.Nara: Hey! He set it on fire!Bruno: Abbacchio, pause it!Abba: Right.Bruno: I'm pretty sure this is the entrance to Venice...Bruno: Right in front of Santa Lucia Station.JoJo-main: ,The lion statue is from there.Peri: That is all.JoJo-main: ,Make sure that you obtain the OA-DISC.Peri: They've already found out about me.Peri: The most important thing is to deliver Trish safely to her father.Peri: We mustn't leave any kind of evidence.Peri: Thanks to the boss, I was able to live a very wealthy, blessed, and fulfilling life.Peri: My mission is now over.Peri: I pray from the bottom of my heart that you stay safe.Nara: What the hell?!Bruno: Mr. Pericolo...Dia: They should've received the order by now.Dia: Obtain the disc, or getting to me is going to prove rather difficult.Dia: The most important thing is what awaits at the end...Dia: Bring my daughter Trish here...Dia: to Venice.Nar: The marine fortress city on the water, visible in the morning haze: Venice.Nar: There is only one road by which one can travel there from the mainland by car:Nar: the Ponte della Libertà, which stretches for a length of . kilometers over a shallow ocean.Nar: The station lies just beyond the bridge.Nar: The lion statue where the disc is hidden can be found in a square there.Mista: Giorno, there's no one tailing us so far.Gio: Yes. There's no one coming from the front, either.JoJo-main: ,The city is still asleep.Gio: We're the only car on this road.Mista: Why do the windows keep fogging up so quickly?Mista: Ow!Mista: What the hell?!Gio: I apologize.JoJo-main: ,The tires just slipped a bit.Mista: On a straight bridge like this?Mista: Be more careful, damn it! Do you even have a license?Gio: No. I'm only fifteen.Mista: What's that thing stuck on the window?Mista: It's on the inside.JoJo-main: ,I didn't notice it when I was looking outside...Mista: No, wait...Mista: That shape...JoJo-main: ,It's a finger!Gio: Let's open the windows a bit.Gio: It's morning, so the different temperaturesinside and outside the car are fogging them up.Gio: Wh-What?! What's with this wind?Ghia: At first, we were scared frozen... But...Ghia: With the help of a computer, it wasn't too hard to recreateJoJo-main: ,the ashes that were lying next to Pericolo in the photo.Ghia: You guys are naïve!Ghia: There's no way you can get away from the Hitman Team!Gio: An enemy?! They somehow got onto the roof of the car!Gio: Mista, what are you doing?! sh**t the roof!Mista: This car is being frozen at an insane speed.Mista: It's so cold that my finger got stuck to the windowJoJo-main: ,and broke off before I even felt the cold.Mista: If I don't peel my face off of it, my brain's gonna freeze up.Mista: But I'm not sure if I want to sacrifice my face, either...Ghia: Where's the turtle?JoJo-main: ,I don't see the turtle inside the car.Ghia: You two aren't with Trish and Bucciarati?Ghia: If you're actually bothering to split up...JoJo-main: ,I got it!Ghia: That means you must be on a mission to get something extremely important.Ghia: The location in the picture...JoJo-main: ,There must be something at the station in Venice!Mista: Blood finally spurted from my hand!b*ll*ts: Yeehaw!Crush,Sfx: BonkOne: I-Ice!Two: The guy's encased himself in ice and froze himself to the roof of the car!Three: The b*ll*ts can't get through to him!Three: What's wrong?One: C-Crap! We're starting to freeze, too!Two: Save me!Three: Number Two!One: Don't go!b*ll*ts: Number Two! Number Three!Crush,Sfx: FwoooooMista: What?!Mista: A-All I did was blink... and now my eyelashes are stuck together!Gio: He must've waited for this to happen before getting on the roof...Gio: This car is currently going  kilometers per hour.Gio: Which means...JoJo-main: ,It's the same as being stuck in wind blowing at  meters per second.Gio: The effective temperature drops by ° Celsius for every meter of wind velocity,Gio: so we're currently freezing at -° Celsius.Mista: Then stop the damn car!Mista: Why the hell are you still flooring it?!Gio: Yes. I've been trying to stop it.Gio: But the brake pedal is frozen and won't go down!Gio: I'm losing the steering wheel, too.JoJo-main: ,The engine's running and doesn't seem like it's going to stop.Gio: The surface of the car has reached -° Celsius for sure!JoJo-main: ,And at incredible speed! So this is... the enemy's ability!Mista: Th-The blood that was spurting out of my hand froze...Mista: The moisture from my breathing caused my nostrils to freeze together...Mista: And now, my lips...Mista: sh*t! I can't breathe!Mista: S-Stop the car, Giorno!Mista: You can turn the car into a frog or something, can't you?!Mista: Do something with your ability!Gio: I've already tried that, as well.Gio: But there are no organisms that can be born at -° Celsius!Ghia: You know Paris, France?In English, they pronounce it "Paris,"Ghia: but everyone else pronounces it without the "s" sound, like the French do.Ghia: But with Venezia, everyone pronounces it the English way, "Venice."Ghia: Like The Merchant of Venice and Death in Venice...Ghia: Why, though?! Why isn't the title Death in Venezia?!Crush,Sfx: Smack Smack SmackGhia: Are you friggin' mocking me?!JoJo-main: ,It takes place in Italy, so use the Italian word, damn it!Ghia: That sh*t pisses me off!Ghia: Bunch of dumbasses!Ghia: Looks like it's finally becoming a bit difficult to drive.Gio: Mista...JoJo-main: ,My Golden Wind needs heat.Gio: So sadly, all I'm really useful for right now...Gio: is picking up b*ll*ts.Ghia: You won't be able to fill the car with any more holes.Ghia: I'll just freeze you to an even lower tem—Mista: When you fire b*ll*ts, they heat up, don't they?Mista: So when I fire the b*ll*ts that Giorno picked up for me...Mista: It creates heat!Mista: I guess I'll go ahead and shout this for Giorno, while I'm at it...Mista: Golden Wind!Mista: We did it!JoJo-main: ,Plant roots have the energy to prop up asphalt in roads and even shatter rocks!Mista: Keep hold of the steering wheel, Giorno!JoJo-main: ,We're gonna get the hell outta here!Crush,Sfx: ShinkGhia: Tch.JoJo-main: ,So that must be the ability of the newbie Melone was talking about.Ghia: But you're not getting away!Mista: Seriously? That bastard!Mista: He's still coming after us!Ghia: I'm gonna be the one who gets his hands on whatever's at the station, no matter what.Ghia: You're wasting your b*ll*ts.JoJo-main: ,My ability, White Ice, freezes the moisture in the air to an extremely low temperature,Ghia: which I then wear like armor.Ghia: This also allows me to skate,JoJo-main: ,but I'm also wrapped in something so strong that even b*ll*ts can't pierce it!Mista: Go faster, Giorno!Gio: I can't go any faster!JoJo-main: ,The tires are still slipping.Gio: Even worse, they found out about the station!Mista: They haven't found out aboutthe turtle where Trish is,Mista: so depending on how you look at it, that's kind of a bright side.Gio: You're always so optimistic, aren't you?Gio: You're very unusual.Mista: He's coming! Floor it! Faster!Gio: I told you, I can't!Gio: If we slip, we're going to lose even more spee—Mista: Just do it, damn it! I said floor it, so floor it!Ghia: I told you! This is useless!Mista: Number Three and Number Two up on the roof, come back!Mista: I hope you get to share a hot, passionate kiss with the road.Mista: Your face will be well-acquainted with it at the speed you're going.All: Yeah!Mista: Good. We managed to lose him.JoJo-main: ,Now get us into the city andhead straight for the station!Mista: Before he can catch up to us, we're going to get our hands on the thing and hide!JoJo-main: ,Giorno!Ghia: You're not getting away!JoJo-main: ,There's no way you guys are going to make it to the station!Mista: He's freezing the moisture from the car's exhaust!Mista: What kind of temperature do you have to freeze it at to do this sh*t?Mista: You bastard! Eat lead again!Mista: He opened the trunk! Which means...Mista: Sh-sh*t! He got into the trunk! Stop the car, Giorno!Mista: He's gonna freeze the brake pedal so it'll be useless again!Ghia: There's no need for that...JoJo-main: ,Gunslinger Mista.Ghia: Seeing as Trish isn't here, this is what I was planning to do in the first place.Ghia: Shatter—Mista: G-Giorno!Gio: It only cracked?JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Is he invincible?Gio: How can I destroy this armor?Mista: Giorno! Get away from him!Gio: No! Not yet!Gio: We made it to Venice!Gio: I'm diving into the canal!
