04x10 - Hitman TeamQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 09:25Form: You're not leaving me with any choice.Form: My name's Formaggio.Nara: How do you like that? And that?! And that?! And that?!Nara: I'm sure he plans to follow me all the way back.Nara: But...Nara: I just have to make it back without getting followed.Nara: I'm going to follow the orders I was given!Guy: Did you hear that loud noise?Guy : I wonder what that was.Nara: Come back for now, Li'l Bomber!Nara: That bastard is somewhere nearby, but I should get away from here.Nara: With all these people gathering, it'd be a bad idea to att*ck with my Stand.Nara: Huh? The bleeding's stopped already.JoJo-main: ,I thought he cut me really good, too.Nara: Huh?Nara: Where'd this Kn*fe come from?JoJo-main: ,This isn't mine.Nara: My Kn*fe's not this big.JoJo-main: ,Where'd mine go?Nara: These shoes aren't mine, either! They're way too big!Nara: Where the hell did my shoes go?Nara: There's somethingJoJo-main: ,weird about this seat...Nara: A-And this steering wheel.Nara: I-I can't reach!Nara: My foot won't reach the pedals,and this seat is huge!Nara: I can't see through the windshield!Nara: What the hell?! This car isn't mine, either!Nara: Where'd it go? Where'd the car I came here in go?!Nara: I can't get back without it! Damn it!Form: Is he actually that stupid?Form: Get a damn clue! You're shrinking!Form: The effects of the wound I gave you are finally starting to show!Nara: W-Wait, these are my shoes and Kn*fe.JoJo-main: ,Which means...Form: Did you finally figure it out, you moron?Form: But it's too late now.JoJo-main: ,You won't be able to drive like that!Nara: S-So this is that stalker guy's Stand ability?Form: You're gonna tell me where the boss's daughter is.Form: The battle's already begun.JoJo-main: ,No one can turn back now!JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio   Hitman TeamTrish: Hey, did you guys get my mineral water yet?Trish: I'm thirsty.Trish: I'm about to die from thirst.Mista: I'd actually like to have lunch soon myself.Mista: I mean, I'm fine, but I need to feed these little guys.b*ll*ts: Feed us!Gio: Narancia is indeed taking a while.Fugo: This is why I was worried about him going.Abba: Drop it, Fugo. How many times must you bring this up?Fugo: I'm not going to drop it! After I—Fugo: I-I apologize.Form: Anything cut by my Tiny Feet becomes small.Form: It does take a little while for the ability to go into effect, though.Form: The clothes and bandana you have on now are shrinking with you.Form: Your shoe and Kn*fe, which were separated from your body, have stopped shrinking,Form: which means that the more you shrink, the fewer things you'll be able to use.Nara: O-Oh, yeah! I need to get a hold of Bucciarati and the others!Nara: Ow! What the hell's with that automated door?!Nara: I'm still shrinking?Nara: This door...Nara: I've become so light that it won't open!Form: Exactly, you moron.Nara: Still...Nara: I have to get to that phone as soon as possible so they can help me!Nara: It opened, damn it!Form: It's useless!Form: It looks like you haven't realized this, but your clothes and wallet are shrinking with you.Form: You need a telephone card or coins to use the pay phone!Form: It only takes coins that are the right size!Narancia_s_Heigh,Sign: Narancia's Height: .cmForm: This guy might be smarter than I thought...Form: This isn't good.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Having his friends find out my ability is the last thing I need.Form: And if Bucciarati finds out about this,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,he'll move the boss's daughter somewhere else!Form: That definitely can't happen!Form: I'm not gonna let that happen!Nara: H-He's here! That bastard's gotta be around here somewhere!Nara: Where are you? Are you hiding under the phone?Nara: Come out here, damn it!Form: This is perfect.Nara: Are you over here?Form: In a few more minutes, he'll shrink down to the size of a cockroach.Nara: Where are you?!Narancia_s_Heigh,Sign: Narancia's Height: .cmForm: His Stand's size and power will get so small, it'll be powerless,Form: and then I'll be able to t*rture the sh*t out of him.Form: Then I'll win!Form: I guess I don't have a choice.Form: He shouldn't be able to find me, but I just have to wait a little longer...Nara: I finally figured it out, you bastard!Nara: You're in my right ass pocket!Nara: Now I've got you! The ability to become smaller?Nara: Were you in my pocket this whole time?Nara: Damn it. But you sure are tiny...Form: Wait... How did he figure out I was in his pocket?!Nara: sh**t him dead, Li'l Bomber!Form: T-Turn back!Nara: Wha—Nara: A b-ballpoint pen?!Narancia_s_Heigh,Sign: Narancia's Height: .cmNara: Damn it! Where'd you go?!Nara: What the hell did you do?!Nara: That stalker bastard! Where are you?!Form: That was a close one.Form: When my Tiny Feet shrinks something other than myself,JoJo-main: ,it takes a while because of the energy it needs,Form: but when I turn things back to normal size,JoJo-main: ,I can do it instantly, like I did with that ballpoint pen.Form: The repulsion it created in that momentJoJo-main: ,was enough to send me flying over here.Form: But how'd he figure out that I was in his pocket?Form: Did I move around too much and tickle his ass?Form: I-Impossible!Form: I hid immediately! How'd it find me?!Nara: There you are! You're not getting away, you stalker bastard!Form: It's coming after me!Form: Th-This is bad! Tiny Feet!Nara: Wh-Where'd that bastard go?!Form: That was way too close.Form: If the air pressure from the tire hadn't sent me flying, I would've been done for!Form: But I'm sure it won't find me down—Form: Y-You can't be serious! sh*t!Form: This Stand's ability isn't just sh**ting endlessly!Form: It's somehow finding me, and it's definitely following me!Form: And it's not like it's seeing or hearing my movements.Form: That wouldn't explain how it figured out I was in his pocketJoJo-internal/narrator: ,or how it knew where the tire's air pressure sent me flying.Nara: I found you! You're down in that drain!form: I-It can even find me underwater?!Form: Tiny Feet!Form: D-Damn it! Think, think, think, think, think!Form: I can't die here!Nar: The Hitman Team has nine members.Nar: Formaggio is one of them.Narancia_s_Heigh,Sign:  years ago / NaplesGuy: I'm planning to address the trash problem at next week's assembly.Lady: Are you sure it'll be okay?Guy: Don't worry. I'm just going to tell the Minister of Tourism the right answer.Guy: It's the same thing as usual.Lady: I always worry that you might be pushing yourself too hard.Lady: Dear, don't you think you're drinking too much today?Formaggio: What the hell, Pesci?JoJo-flashback: ,Are you drinking milk again?Pesci: B-But my stomach sorta turns when I drink espresso.Prosciutto: That's why you're such a mammoni, Pesci!Prosciutto: Just by drinking that milk, it's possible you're making us lamer by association.Pros: Why do you think we even bring you along, anyway?Pros: You need to correct things like that first.Pesci: O-Okay...Pros: So, Formaggio, how are things going?Form: That's all yours, Pesci. A little gift from me to you.Pros: Looks like things went well.Form: Yeah, the job's basically done.Form: Now we just have to watch it happen.Form: Let's get this over with and watch a soccer match.Sign: Narancia GhirgaSign: Li'l BomberGuy: It was delicious.Guy: Thank you very much.Guy: We'll be waiting for your return.Form: All right, let's finish things off.Lady: That was wonderful.Guy: I'm glad I went with the white tod—Lady: What's the matter, dear? Are you in pain?Guy: Hey! What the hell are you doing parking here?!JoJo-flashback: ,Get outta the way!Guy: W-Wait, what's that coming out from underneath the car?Guy: Th-Th-That's blood!Form: All right, let's go home.Pros: What's the matter, Pesci? Did your knees give out?Form: We're back!Risotto: How'd it go?Form: Perfectly!Form: The guy's been blown to bits.Pros: But you ended up k*lling the chick he was with in the process, too.Illuso: I guess this job was perfect for your useless Stand ability.Form: Whatever, man. If you got a problem, take care of this yourself.Illuso: As much as I'd love to, the leader wants me to conserveGhiaccio: Melone, how much was this job?Illuso: my ability until we absolutely need to use it.Melone: Twenty million lire.Ghiaccio: Damn, that's cheap!Risotto: Ghiaccio, calm down. We'll talk about money later.Risotto: More importantly...JoJo-flashback: ,Where are Sorbet and Gelato?Ghiaccio: Are they playing hooky?Illuso: Maybe they're getting it on somewhere.JoJo-flashback: ,They're a couple, aren't they?Form: And you call my Stand ability useless?Risotto: No, something's definitely wrong.Risotto: Gelato's one thing, but Sorbet would never miss out on a chance to get rich.Risotto: He's always made sure to show up to claim his share.Nar: Once an organization is established and starts to mature as a group,Nar: there will always be people within that group who want to rebel.Nar: When smuggling cheap dr*gs coming from Central AsiaJoJo-internal/narrator: ,to various countries in Europe as well as America,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,they make a profit that's tens to hundreds of times more.Nar: Which means it's not the least bit strangeJoJo-internal/narrator: ,that there will be those who show up and tryJoJo-internal/narrator: ,to take over the boss's territory, even at the risk of their own lives.JoJo-flashbackinternal,Melone: Did you find them?JoJo-flashbackinternal,Pros: No, there's no sign of them.Pesci: They must've been dealt with because they wereJoJo-flashback: ,trying to find out who the boss was!JoJo-flashbackinternal,Illuso: It's definitely possible.JoJo-flashbackinternal: ,They're two crazy bastards.Ghiacchio: Polpo's in control of all the gambling,JoJo-flashback: ,and the jerks selling the dr*gs are also making a fortune.Ghiacchio: But the only thing that we, the Hitman Team, get is our pay from the boss!Ghiacchio: This ain't fair!JoJo-flashback: ,We're the best there is in the whole damn organization!Ghiaccio: We deserve way better!JoJo-flashbackinternal,melone: He suffocated?Form: Yeah... Just Gelato, though.JoJo-flashback: ,Sorbet's corpse isn't here.Sign: {\pos(,)\shad\c&HEDEFEF&}"Punishment"Form: Punishment...Nar: A few days later, a bunch of packages with no sender were delivered to the team.Ghiaccio: Seriously? Again?Ghia: Who the hell's the sender?!Melone: Frames?JoJo-flashback: ,They're not paintings, though.Form: Is this what they call modern art or some sh*t?Form: There's something weird in them.Pros: Hey!Pesci: Th-That's the same color nail polish that Sorbet always wears!Pesci: I-I've seen it before...JoJo-flashback: ,He and Gelato use the same shade!Risotto: Get the frames out and line them up.Nar: There were a total of  of these art pieces.Illuso: Oh, hell no...Form: You can't be serious... This is...Pesci: I don't want to see any more!Pros: Shut up!Melone: That's...Nar: They were pieces of Sorbet's body, chopped up and preserved in formalin.Nar: When they put his face together, they saw that it was distorted in fear.Nar: He was likely cut into pieces by a very sharp Kn*fe, starting with his toes.Nar: It was a rather intense way of getting k*lled.Nar: That day, the Hitman Team came to a new understanding.illuso: D-Do you think that Sorbetilluso: was sliced up right in front of Gelato?Melone: Yeah. And he was so overcome with fear and despairMelone: that he choked on his own gag and suffocated!Nar: This was a silent message from the boss.Risotto: All of you...Risotto: Forget all about Sorbet and Gelato.Nar: From then on, they ended up getting the cold shoulder.Nar: They never tried to find out the boss's identity ever again.Nar: At least, not until...Nar: they found out that the boss had a daughter.Form: Damn it! I'm not going to die in a place like this!Form: We're gonna k*ll the boss and take over his drug route!Form: We're gonna claw our way up from this hellhole!Form: It's riddled with holes?Form: He sh*t that rat to death? Why?Form: C-Could it be...Form: It went the other way.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,It's looking around for me.Form: Breathing?! So that's it!Form: Narancia's Stand, Li'l Bomber, detects its target when they breathe!Form: Mosquitoes find animals to suck blood from by searching forJoJo-internal/narrator: ,the CO{\fs} {\fs}that they exhale.Form: This is the same thing!JoJo-internal/narrator: ,So that's how he found out I was in his pocket!Form: Come to think of it, when all those randos showed up in the alleyway,Form: he stopped searching for me.Form: There was a chance he would've sh*t one of those randos!Form: It had detected my breathing!Nara: There you are!Form: He sh*t again!Form: Looks like he can't tell the difference between me and the rats.Form: In that case...Form: Look at those creepy little shits...Nara: Th-These numbers... and this movement pattern...Nara: The ones that are breathing must be rats!Form: Their speed is the same!JoJo-main: ,They're all going the same direction!Form: A thr*at... You were only a thr*at when I didn't know how you worked.Form: How were you finding me?JoJo-main: ,Now that I know that, you're more harmless than a mosquito,Form: Narancia!Form: I win, Narancia!Form: I'm gonna get the hell outta here and wait for you to shrink into nothing!Form: H-How?Nara: The same movement...JoJo-main: ,All of them are moving the same way,Nara: but there's only one rat who's breathing really hard...Nara: Are you tired? You're out of breath.JoJo-main: ,Is there something heavy on top of you that's making it hard to breathe?Nara: I think it might be worth it to sh**t the sh*t out of that fatty there!Form: sh*t!Nara: Yes! A clean sh*t!Form: Th-That was close...Form: If I hadn't returned to my normal size, I would've been done for!Form: If time hadn't passed to the point of you becoming so smallNarancia_s_Heigh,Sign: Narancia's Height: .cmForm: that your Stand power was rendered useless...Form: I would've been a goner!Nara: I-I didn't get him!Nara: Did I become so small that Li'l Bomber's power also shrank?Nara: My att*cks won't work anymore!
