04x26 - A Little Story From The Past ~My Name Is Doppio~QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 10:15JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio  A Little Story From the Past ~My Name Is Doppio~Nar: This is a little story from the past.Sign: Summer, Nar: We're going back to the summer of .Lady: Prisoner ! What's going on here?!Lady: Prisoner !JoJo-flashback: ,Did you eat something bad?Lady: She's pregnant?JoJo-flashback: ,This is a women's prison on a remote island.Lady: There are only women here!Lady : Not to mention, this prisonerJoJo-flashback: ,was sentenced to ten years for bank robbery and as*ault.Lady : She's been here for two years already.Lady : Push! Just a little bit more!Lady : When could she have gotten pregnant?JoJo-flashback: ,She wasn't big earlier today.Lady : And now...Lady: Hey, you! Who the hell's this kid's father?!Inmate: He's... dead...Inamate: For over two years... now...Lady: You can't be serious.JoJo-flashback: ,A barnacle growing in your knee would be more believable than that.Lady: Looks like the baby made it.Lady : Yes... But something's strange.JoJo-flashback: ,The baby's eyes have been open ever since he was born.Lady : And he's not crying at all.Lady: This goes without saying, but we can't raise a baby here.Lady: We'll find someone to take him.Lady : Where are you from?Inmate: Sar...di...nia...Nar: A priest at a small church there took the child in.Nar: Time passed, and the boy became known as someoneJoJo-internal/narrator: ,rather cowardly and a bit slow.Sign: {\fad(,)\pos(,)\fs}June, Doppio: Well, I'll be going now. See you later, Mr. Frog.Man: Hey, watch it!Man: Oh, it's you.Man : Walk closer to the edge, you dumbass!Man: Don't you dare tell the priest about this.Doppio: Th-That was close...Doppio: But I'm glad you didn't get squished.Girl: Do you like frogs?Girl: I like frogs, too.JoJo-flashback: ,I hate bugs, though.Girl: I also don't like guys who smell.Girl: I hate everything that's not beautiful.Girl: Are you from around here?Doppio: Y-Yeah...Doppio: Say, it's a bit hot out. Want to get something to drink?Girl: Well...Girl: That's not a bad idea.Girl: Then I want sparkling water.Girl: Hard water from France.Girl: I hope you're treating.Priest: You want to become a sailor?Doppio: Yeah...Priest: Well...JoJo-flashback: ,You're a simple man.Priest: That's probably best for you.Priest: Oh?Guy: He walked all this way?Guy: Good on him.Priest: It might be a good idea to get him a car.Nar: In order to build a garage next to his room,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,the priest started digging into the floor with a pick.Priest: What's this?Priest: A corpse?JoJo-flashback: ,No, it's...Nar: As he carefully picked at the concrete...Nar: The person he discovered was a woman.Nar: It was the woman who gave birth to the boy the priest took in.Priest: Sh-She's alive...Nar: She couldn't move nor talk, but somehow, she was being kept alive.Nar: How many years had it been?JoJo-internal/narrator: ,The woman had no sense of time.Nar: Hatred? Love?JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Her heart was dark.Priest: This hair color...Nar: That night, the whole village b*rned,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,with strong winds carrying the fire to every single house.Nar: No one knows how it started.Nar: Seven people d*ed, and others went missing.Nar: On the list of the deceased wereNar: the names of the priestand the boy he'd taken in.Sign: {\fad(,)\fs\pos(,)}Olbia, Sardinia: Present DayBoy: Why, you!Doppio: Hey, kid! Look out!Boy: Shut up. I know.JoJo-main: ,There's a truck coming, right?Driver: You bastard!JoJo-main: ,Where the hell do you think you're walking, you dumbass?!Doppio: O-Ow...Doppio: Aw, man... Ow.Doppio: Guess I had the wrong idea.Guy: Looks like you're down on your luck. Having a bad day?Guy: Or have you been having a streak of bad luck?Doppio: I'd say so. I've had one problem after another.Guy: Why not let me tell your fortune?Guy: I'll make it cheap.Doppio: Huh? Nah, I'll pass...Guy: Sardinia is your home, isn't it?Guy: And it's been a while since you've been back here, hasn't it?Doppio: I wouldn't call that fortunetelling.Doppio: You can tell I'm a traveler just by looking at me.JoJo-main: ,Anyone could figure that out.Guy: You're... living with a secret.JoJo-main: ,Light and shadow, what's inside and what's out.Guy: You could probably call it two separate lives.Guy: But you take advantage of that secret and have an unyielding personality,JoJo-main: ,which has earned you nothing but victories.Doppio: What?Guy: Oh, please forgive my rudeness.Guy: There's something about your face that is very intriguing to someone in my field.Guy: Please, let me tell you your fortune.Guy: I'll make it ,... no, , lire.Doppio: Everyone has their secrets.JoJo-main: ,That's a pretty broad statement.Guy: You're looking for someone.JoJo-main: ,You're currently looking for someone very important to you.Doppio: Seriously...Doppio: Everyone spends their lives looking for someone.Doppio: A beautiful girlfriend or a good friend...Doppio: But I guess it's nice to hear these things at times.JoJo-main: ,How do you go about doing it?Doppio: With that crystal ball?Guy: No... I've already begun.Guy: I can tell just by looking at the shape of the mud splatter on your pants.Guy: It's been said for thousands of years that in Romani fortunetelling,JoJo-main: ,the best results come from looking at the shape of something that formed coincidentally.Guy: Because that is the symbol of fate.Guy: Your daughter...JoJo-main: ,Yes.JoJo-main: ,The person you're looking for is your daughter.Guy: You came back to Sardinia to find the child of the woman you left fifteen years ago...Doppio: Huh?Guy: Huh? Er... Something's strange.JoJo-main: ,You're rather young...Guy: I know what I just said, but this is strange...Doppio: Whose child? Mine?Guy: But you have one. I'm sure of it.Guy: Let me see your palm!Doppio: Hey!Guy: Please! My pride as a fortuneteller is on the line here!Doppio: Let go of my hand... Don't touch me...Guy: I won't ask for payment... Actually, I'll pay you!Guy: ,... No, I'll pay you , lire!Guy: Please!Doppio: You're friggin' annoying! Don't touch me!Doppio: What good would it do for you to see it, huh?!Diavolo: Considering you're about to die!Guy: Your face... Your age...Diavolo: It appears you're not a Stand user.Diavolo: You have the wisdom to see peopleJoJo-main: ,for who they really are, and you made that your business.Diavolo: That was your greatest failing.Diavolo: No one in this world is allowed to know who I really am.Diavolo: But I now know that you are indeed an excellent fortuneteller.Diavolo: Out of respect for that, I'll be sure to k*ll you instantly so you don't feel any pain.Diavolo: So answer my question...Diavolo: This man's name is Risotto.Diavolo: He's a traitor.Diavolo: He is also looking for my daughter and trying to find out my true identity.Diavolo: I want you to tell me where he is right now.Guy: Where he is?JoJo-main: ,I can't tell that much...Guy: But I'm sure you'll encounter him soon.Guy: He's here in Sardinia...Guy: He is filled with vengeance,JoJo-main: ,and you will certainly encounter him here.Diavolo: I see. Very well.Diavolo: That's plenty.Guy: I knew it!JoJo-main: ,I was right! Light and shadow, what's inside and what's out.Guy: Two personalities!Guy: As long as you bear this secret, the death of people will bring you good fortune,Guy: and you will never lose your splendor!Guy: What a beautiful palm!Guy: I've never seen a hand like this before!Guy: Huh? Something's wrong. It suddenly looks strange.Guy: The lifeline is totally different...Guy: I see!Guy: This is my own hand! It changed before I even realized it!Diavolo: Emperor Crimson.Doppio: You...Doppio: I'm so glad you weren't squished.JoJo-main: ,It's dangerous to be on the sidewalk.Doppio: Go on, shoo.Doppio: Be careful. Go on.Kid: Huh?Taxi: Where to, sir?Doppio: Costa Smeralda, please.Taxi: You got it.Lady: And now for our next story,Lady: the investigations involving the site of the crash off the Olbia coast in Sardinia.Lady: However...Doppio: Driver, do you have a cell phone?Doppio: Mine broke...Taxi: No, I don't. Sorry.Doppio: I see...JoJo-main: ,C-Could you stop for a sec, driver?Doppio: I'll get out here! This is fine!Doppio: I'll get out here.Doppio: That's the building.JoJo-main: ,There's no doubt about it.Doppio: I just have to keep an eye out over there.Nar: Costa Smeralda in Sardinia.Nar: This area was forgotten by history until about half a century ago,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,when a certain millionaire from India was enamored by the scenery of this coast,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,where the winds and cliffs met,and started living there.Doppio: Hey, wait a sec!JoJo-main: ,There seems to be an extra digit on your meter...Taxi: So you actually think I rigged the meterJoJo-main: ,because I wanted more money?Taxi: Is that what you think? Huh?!Doppio: N-No... But , lire to get from the city to here seems a bit...Doppio: I don't have that much.Taxi: Like hell a guy on vacation doesn't have money!Taxi: I know you hid some in your pocket earlier.Taxi: I saw you hide an envelope in your pants.Doppio: Don't—Taxi: Come on, let me see.Doppio: Don't touch me... I-I'm getting a headache...Taxi: See? I knew it.Doppio: You friggin' idiot!Doppio: Those who have seen what they shouldn't have seenJoJo-main: ,don't need to exist in this world!Taxi: Y-You bastard...Doppio: Bring, ring, ring, ring, ring...Doppio: Hey... Did you just hear a phone ring?Taxi: Huh?Doppio: Where did it come from?Doppio: Hey! I asked you a question!Doppio: That phone's busted, so there's no way it could've rung!Taxi: H-Hell if I know! What are you—Doppio: Bring, ring, ring, ring, ring...Doppio: There it is again! Where is it?Doppio: Bring, ring, ring, ring, ring...Doppio: Where is it?Doppio: Bring, ring, ring, ring, ring...Doppio: Hey, what the hell? You have a car phone!Doppio: Bring, ring, ring, ring, ring...Doppio: Hello? Yes, this is Doppio.Doppio: Boss... Yes, I just arrived.JoJo-main: ,It's the spot in the photo.Doppio: I just need to keep an eye on this place, right?Doppio: Huh? The driver didn't see what was in the envelope,JoJo-main: ,so I don't need to finish him off?Doppio: If I may interject, Boss,JoJo-main: ,I believe he saw the photo that he wasn't supposed to see.Doppio: Right. I'm very sorry, Boss.JoJo-main: ,Yes, I'm about to start watching the building.Diavolo: You're about to watch the building?Diavolo: No, my Doppio.Diavolo: Take a good look. Slowly... Naturally.Diavolo: Don't do anything suspicious.Diavolo: The one who's being watched...JoJo-main: ,is you, Doppio.Doppio: Th-That's Risotto! The traitor assassin!Doppio: He appeared just like the fortuneteller said!Diavolo: Apparently, due to the plane crash,JoJo-main: ,he came to notice the existence of this photo of Sardinia that was at Trish's house.Diavolo: We need to take care of him first.JoJo-main: ,Otherwise, he'll interfere once Trish arrives.Diavolo: I'll be the one to finish him off.Diavolo: We need to get close to him without him figuring out my true identity.Diavolo: Risotto's ability is a mystery to me, as well.Diavolo: Draw him out about two meters away from you.Diavolo: Then he'll definitely be within Emperor Crimson's range.Diavolo: You can do it.JoJo-main: ,I'm hanging up, my Doppio.Doppio: Yes, I understand, Boss.JoJo-main: ,Beep.Doppio: What's this? My head... It hurts.Doppio: O-Oh, yeah. I don't have time to worry about a headache.Doppio: I just had a call from the boss.Doppio: My mission is to keep an eye on that building and... uh...Doppio: What was it again?Doppio: Get closer?JoJo-main: ,Right! I have to get closer!Doppio: But to what?Risotto: I won't get closer to you.Risotto: Look over here.Doppio: Wh-What the?!JoJo-internal/narrator: ,But I think I've seen him before...Doppio: Wh-Who is he again?Risotto: Move your hand.Risotto: Otherwise, I can't see your face.Doppio: I-I don't have any money!Doppio: B-Blood!JoJo-main: ,Why does this always happen to me?!Risotto: Maybe I just imagined it.JoJo-main: ,The ignorance and fear in his expression are not an act.Risotto: If he was from Passione, he wouldn't act like this.Risotto: Not to mention, he's more unguarded than a baby.Risotto: He must be a civilian.Doppio: Please don't!Risotto: Stop fussing. I'm just going to pick up my Kn*fe.Risotto: I don't care about you anymore.Doppio: I-I don't feel so good... My head hurts...Doppio: T-Two meters...Risotto: That's right.JoJo-main: ,There was just one thing you did that seemed like an act.Risotto: When you fell,JoJo-main: ,you reflexively hid the envelope so I wouldn't see it, didn't you?Risotto: It's right under your left shoe.Risotto: What are you hiding?JoJo-main: ,If I'm satisfied with what I see, I'll leave.Doppio: What is your deal?!JoJo-main: ,I-I don't have any money! Just let me go!Risotto: It wasn't murderous intent or hostility, but your expression there seemed fake.Risotto: Stand up, move your left leg, and show me.Risotto: I told you to stand up! Stand up!Risotto: Oh, so it's just an envelope.Risotto: There's nothing in it.Risotto: Your trembling certainly isn't an act,JoJo-main: ,and I can tell you're a coward who can't lie.Risotto: But now... I'm even more interested in you.Risotto: You're definitely a Stand user.Risotto: You heard that sound, too, didn't you?Risotto: Just now, you glanced over toward that sound.Risotto: That's the sound of scouting.Risotto: It's carefully scouting the area.Risotto: That sound and shape...Risotto: is Li'l Bomber!Risotto: They've finally made it here!Risotto: And who are you to show up to such an important location?Risotto: It must mean that the boss trusts you greatly.Risotto: But there is true fear in your heart.Risotto: You're a walking contradiction!Doppio: Shut your trap!JoJo-main: ,You're the one who's about to be shaking in your boots!Risotto: I see.JoJo-main: ,Since you're running toward me, you must be a close-ranged power type.Risotto: Your range is around two to three meters.Risotto: As long as I know that, I know how I'll k*ll you.Doppio: What... the... M-My throat!Doppio: Th-These are...JoJo-main: ,actual razor blades?!Doppio: T-Two meters, damn it!Doppio: I'll shove these razor blades right up your ass!Risotto: I told you, I know how I'll k*ll you.doppio: Impossible! I'm not done yet, damn it!doppio: H-He disappeared?Doppio: That's his... That's his assassin ability...Doppio: But how...Doppio: Bring, ring, ring, ring, ring...Doppio: Bring, ring, ring, ring, ring...Doppio: There's a phone ringing somewhere!Doppio: Bring, ring, ring, ring, ring...Doppio: I can't believe it!JoJo-main: ,There just happens to be a pay phone in a place like this!Doppio: Click!Doppio: Beep!Doppio: Hello?!Boss: My Doppio...Doppio: Wh-Where are you, Boss?Doppio: Are you nearby?Doppio: If you are, please come quickly!Boss: I cannot.Boss: I cannot go there until you get close enough to him.Boss: Because everything will be overJoJo-main: ,if he happens to see me and then manages to escape.Doppio: B-But—Boss: You need to get closer. You need to get within two meters of Risotto!Doppio: Boss! I don't know what his ability is!Doppio: He could att*ck me again at any second!Boss: Doppio...JoJo-main: ,Oh, Doppio...Boss: My adorable little Doppio...Boss: Did you forget that I gave you a portion of my Emperor Crimson's power?Boss: Now is the time to use it!
