04x14 - Express Train to Florence / Il Treno Espresso per FirenzeQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 09:35Abba: Let me see the key we obtained again,Abba: Narancia.Nara: Huh?Nara: Here.Abba: Wait! Don't throw it!Abba: You little sh*t!Nara: Dang, talk about overreacting.JoJo-main: ,Isn't the fact that you're feeling pain a good sign?Abba: I just had it reattached thirty minutes ago...Abba: It still hurts, damn it!Abba: "I thank you for protecting my daughter, Bucciarati.Abba: Go to the drinking fountain with a turtle on the sixth platform at Naples Station,Abba: and use this key.Abba: Then, take my daughter to Venice by train.Abba: P.S. My missions for you will end once you get to Venice."Abba: What's supposed to be by the drinking fountain at the station?Bruno: The boss mentioned a way for us to travel without being found by the enemy.Bruno: The station is dangerous, but we'll just have to trust him and go.Nara: D-Do you think the boss is actually in Venice?JoJo-main: ,Since it's mentioned in that note...Bruno: We don't need to think about that.Bruno: We're just going to do as we're ordered.Bruno: There's a super express leaving for Florence in ten minutes. We'll take that.Bruno: Mista, is anyone following us?Mista: So far, we're good.Mista: I can't say the same for the station, though.Mista: There'll be plenty of paid guys who'll report information about us.Fugo: The boss's daughter, Trish.Fugo: Her life is being targeted because of a father she's never met.Fugo: I wonder how that feels...Mista: Yeah, I get it, Fugo...Mista: I can't help but stare at her you-know-whats, either.Fugo: Huh?Fugo: Th-That's...Mista: Please forgive Fugo!Mista: He didn't mean any harm!Mista: He wasn't trying to take advantage of the sudden brakingJoJo-main: ,to see your breasts or stroke your thighs under your skirt!Mista: He just couldn't help himself!Fugo: Hey, stop that!Fugo: I actually lost my balance, but you're making it sound worse!Mista: Please don't tell the boss!JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio   Express Train to FlorenceNarancia_s_Heigh,Sign: Florence bound leaving at : from platform Pro: He's really here. That's Bucciarati.Pesci: I can't believe he actually showed up at a station where we could easily find him.Pesci: I'm gonna k*ll him!Pro: Maybe he was pushed to his limits and lost his mind,Pro: or he's somehow confident that he'll be able to give us the slip.Pesci: Either way, I'm gonna k*ll him!Pesci: He k*lled Formaggio and Illuso! I'm gonna k*ll him!Pro: Hey, dumbass.Pro: Drop the "I'm gonna k*ll him" crap already.Pro: That phrase doesn't exist in our world.Pro: Only weaklings use that phrase.Pro: Because when I or my other team members so much as think those words,Pro: our target is already dead, and the job is over!Pro: So I've never uttered those words in my life.Pro: You're gonna be that way too, right, Pesci?Pro: If you're truly one of us.Pro: Do you understand what I'm saying?Pesci: Yeah... I got it, Bro!Pro: You can say, "I k*lled them!"Pesci: Prosciutto...Pro: I'm going to head straight over there via the platform.JoJo-main: ,Pesci, you board the train and head to the lead car.Pesci: Got it!Pro: We'll flank him.Pro: We need the boss's daughter alive, after all.Gio: Bucciarati, the train's about to leave.Gio: Is something wrong?Bruno: There's no other drinking fountain on this platform, is there?Bruno: This key won't fit into this keyhole.Bruno: Not to mention...Bruno: you don't even need a key to open it.Bruno: It's just a stopcock.Gio: Bucciarati, how about the lock on that fire hydrant?Bruno: The shape's completely different.Bruno: There aren't any locks or doors that this key will fit.Bruno: They just aren't here!Gio: Should we pass on this train?Gio: The next one departs in fifteen minutes and is bound for Rome.Bruno: No!Bruno: I'm sure some of our enemies know we're here and are heading to the station now.Bruno: We have to leave here immediately!Bruno: The sixth platform...Bruno: The drinking fountain with the turtle...Bruno: This has to be the spot!Bruno: Damn it! What's—Bruno: The turtle...Pro: Hey, Pesci, why the hell am I running into you here?Pesci: I-I could ask you the same thing! Where did Bucciarati go?Pro: Bucciarati hopped onto the train right in front of me.Pro: It makes no sense that he didn't bump into you in the hallway.Pro: Well? I'm right, aren't I?Pesci: I didn't run into anyone!Pesci: Bucciarati, his crew, the newbie, and the boss's daughter definitely aren't here!Pro: Something's strange...Pesci: Bro, the train's about to leave.Pesci: They must be hiding somewhere inside this station.Pesci: They're gonna keep an eye on us tracking them and hop on another train to get away.Pesci: Let's use some homeless guy or something to search the station!Pro: There was something placed at the drinking fountain.Pro: He must've picked it up.Pro: He picked up something that looked black!Pro: Get on, Pesci!Pesci: But why?!Pro: I just have a hunch.Pro: I don't know how,Pro: but I think Bucciarati and the others are somewhere on this train.Pesci: You think?Pesci: You think?!Pro: I'm sure the boss is helping them out somehow.Pro: I have a feeling that if we don't board this train, we'll lose them forever!Pesci: A feeling?Pro: Just shut up and get on, Pesci!Nar: It takes takes three and a half hours to get from Naples to Florence by train.Nar: It's an hour and a half non-stop to the next stop, Rome.Pesci: Aw, we ended up getting on...Pro: Shut up!Pro: Hey, the gap between the door and floor...JoJo-main: ,What's on the other side of this door?Pesci: Isn't that the driver's cab?Pesci: But there's no way seven guys are in there.Pro: You never know.Pro: Use your Fisher Man to att*ck that room.Pro: Do it.Pesci: Fisher Man!Pesci: There aren't seven guys in here...Pesci: There are two!Pesci: Got 'em!Pro: Damn it. It really is small in there.Pro: I guess there's only the driver.JoJo-main: ,But they're definitely somewhere on this train.Pesci: Huh? Hey, wait a second.Pesci: There's only one?Pesci: I know I sensed two living things in there.Pesci: I could've sworn there was one more...Pro: Hey, Pesci!Pro: We're going to search this train from end to end!Pro: We'll drag Bucciarati and his crew out!Pro: But you stay here.Pesci: Huh?Pro: If they realize we're here, they might come to stop the train.Pesci: You got it, Bro!Pro: They have the girl with them,Pro: so they shouldn't be able to just move around or jump off this train easily.Pro: That's going to give us our advantage.Pro: We'll slaughter them all before we get to Rome and take the girl!Bruno: The key wasn't made to fit in a keyhole.JoJo-main: ,It actually fit right into this turtle's shell.Bruno: That, in turn, somehowactivated the turtle's ability,Bruno: creating this space and making the key itself the entrance so that we could hide inside.Nara: Th-The turtle is a Stand user?Nara: O-Ow!Nara: Wh-Where the hell am I?Nara: I'm under the seat?Nara: Ow!Nara: B-But man, this is awesome!Nara: This turtle is like some kind of spaceship!Fugo: But this room isn't some kind of illusion.Fugo: This is a real room.Fugo: Even the sofa and other furniture is real.Abba: There are some chilled drinks in here.Bruno: I guess the boss left them in there for us.Bruno: Turtles like being in the shade, they aren't loud, and they don't scuttle about.Bruno: This way, we should be able to get to Venice by train without worry.Pesci: I guess there's no way someone would be in the locker...Pesci: I just don't have my bro's intuition.Pesci: B-Bro!Pesci: D-Don't tell me he...Pro: The Thankful Death!Pesci: A-Are you really going to do it?JoJo-main: ,You're going to do in all of the passengers?!Pesci: We don't even know if they're on this train!Pro: I already told youPro: that I would be thorough about this!Pro: They're definitely here.JoJo-main: ,What's the big deal, anyway?Pro: Every year, there are lots of train crashes all over the world.Pro: This won't be as brutal as those.Sign: Mr. PresidentSign: Coco LargeMista: It's probably because we're in a room inside a turtle,JoJo-main: ,but it's sorta muggy in here.Mista: You want a drink, too, Narancia?Mista: There are only cold drinks, but there's cola, mineral water,JoJo-main: ,carbonated, non-carbonated, apple juice, orange juice, and pineapple juice.Mista: Hey, are you even listening?Nara: Huh? What was that?!Mista: I'm asking if you want something to drink!Mista: Why don't you get some rest while you're at it?Mista: You look pretty tired.Mista: I'll keep an eye on the ceiling.Nara: Oh, okay!Nara: My shoulders suddenly feel stiff, and my back hurts. There we go...Nara: I'd really like something warm...JoJo-main: ,Something that won't upset my stomach.Mista: I told you, there are only cold drinks in here!Mista: You never listen, do you?!Nara: I'll just eat this banana, then.Nara: Man, gardens like these make me sigh.JoJo-main: ,They're so calming...Nara: They're so beautiful...Nara: I'd love to drown in nostalgia and think back on when I was a kidJoJo-main: ,while I just lay out in the sun in a garden like this.Mista: Hey, stop that!JoJo-main: ,Licking your finger before you turn the page is gross!Nara: Huh? Did I do that?Nara: Me? No way!Mista: Hey, there's something hanging from your mouth.Mista: Talk about gross. What the hell is that?Mista: Hey!Mista: A tooth?Nara: I can't eat this banana for some reason...Nara: It's all hard and dry...Mista: Hey... Are you messing with us?Mista: Man, you startled me... That sort of looks like a tooth.Mista: I'm still pretty grossed out, so I can't really laugh...Mista: What is that hanging from your mouth?Nara: Huh? Did you say something again... Mista?Nara: You're speaking too softly...Nara: I couldn't hear you very well...Nara: I'm telling you, this banana is crumbling...Nara: I-I can't eat it...Nara: Th-They're all dry...JoJo-main: ,A-All the fruits are dry...Mista: Wh-What the hell is wrong with you?!Nara: Didn't you hear me? Okay, then...Mista: There's something wrong with your face!Mista: N-Narancia, you...Nara: I'll say it even louder this time!Nara: Are you paying attention?! I can't eat this banana!Nara: Look. It's just crumbling...Nara: It's old, damn it...Mista: Bucciarati!Bruno: I know! It's a Stand att*ck!Bruno: Th-There must be an enemy on this train!Nara: Huh? What? What's this white stuff?Nara: It came from my head...Nara: What the hell is this?!Gio: What's the matter?Gio: Did something... happen?Bruno: Th-They've all aged!Kid: Mama... Wake up... Wake up...Kid: Mama... Mama...Kid: Wake up...Nara: Wh-Who the hell is th-this?Nara: What? No way... This can't be!Nara: This is me?!Nara: What the hell's going on?Mista: A-A Stand that makes people age?Mista: Did they figure out we're in this turtle?!Bruno: Calm down, Mista.Bruno: If they knew we were inside this turtle, they would've used a more direct att*ck.Bruno: And since they haven't, that means we haven't been found yet.Bruno: The enemy probably only knows that we're somewhere on this trainBruno: and, in order to find her,Bruno: they're attacking everyone on the train indiscriminately!Mista: D-Does that mean this train is running with everyone on board affected?Bruno: Probably.Bruno: They're desperate. I'm sure they'll do anything...Bruno: And without a second thought.Bruno: This leaves us two choices.Bruno: One, take Trish and somehow get off this train.Bruno: Two, we find this enemy, even though we don't know their range, and dispose of them.Mista: Obviously, we'll go with the second choice.Mista: If we want to take her and run,we'll have to stop the train.Mista: It's too dangerous.Mista: Assassinating them is more definitive,Mista: with my Six b*ll*ts!Bruno: Yes, you're right.JoJo-main: ,But we don't have any time.Bruno: We're aging at an alarming rate...Nara: B-Bucciarati...Nara: M-My hands...Nara: Th-They're crumbling!Nara: They're falling apart!mista: You're right, Bucciarati. We really don't have any time!Gio: Wait a minute, Mista...Gio: It's too early... to go...Mista: What the hell are you talking about, Giorno?Gio: I'm telling you... it's too early to go...Mista: We don't have any time to waste!Bruno: Wait.Bruno: Hear him out.JoJo-main: ,What are you trying to say, Giorno?Gio: Why are we all aging at a different rate than Bucciarati?Bruno: Mista's and my symptoms are light...Bruno: Trish's are even less!Bruno: But why?Mista: Apparently, we're just aging at different rates! I'm going!Gio: No... If they're attacking everyone indiscriminately with age...Gio: They might end up k*lling her as well, despite her being the target.Gio: There's some kind of prerequisite to how fast we're aging.Gio: I'll tell you what I think...Gio: I think the enemy is differentiating betweenJoJo-main: ,men and women by the difference in their body temperature.Gio: I read somewhere that women have more fat in their bodies, which makes themJoJo-main: ,less susceptible to temperature fluctuations.Gio: Apparently women also age better and live longer than men.Gio: Don't you think it's been a little hot?Gio: The enemy is differentiating the aging speed based onGio: slight differences in body temperature.Gio: All that matters is that the men age faster and she ages slower.Mista: Yeah, that sounds about right,Mista: but then why are you and I aging at different rates?Mista: Are you insinuating that I'm a girl?!Trish: Change in body temperature...Trish: Come to think of it, our bodies were slightly cooler...Trish: Because we had something cold to drink.Trish: Narancia didn't have anything to drink.Mista: Th-That's...Mista: Giorno, it's exactly like you said!Mista: We're aging slower because our bodies were slightly cooler!Mista: Cool everyone down! Cool everyone down with ice!Bruno: Hold it, Mista!JoJo-main: ,You're going to have to take that ice with you!Mista: Th-This is all that's left?Bruno: It doesn't change the fact that we have to dispose of this enemy.Bruno: Mista, you're going to take that ice and defeat the enemy...Bruno: Before the ice melts and you lose your Stand power!Mista: Just the driver... It doesn't look like anyone else is in here.Mista: It's so muggy...Mista: This Stand really is attacking indiscriminately.Mista: I wonder if this turtle is aging, too...JoJo-main: ,But they say that turtles live for , years.Mista: Guess they live longer than us.Pesci: Damn it...Pesci: What's Bro thinking? This is so dangerous.Pesci: What's he gonna do if I get old, too? Damn it...Mista: The air conditioner?JoJo-main: ,If I turn it on inside the driver's cab, everyone in the turtle will cool down,JoJo-main: ,and that might slow down their aging!JoJo-main: ,There it is!Pesci: Something took the bait!Mista: Wh-What the hell is this needle-like thing?!Mista: A d-different Stand than the one that's aging us?Mista: There's another one? There are two of them?Mista: There are two enemies?!
