04x38 - Gold Experience Requiem / Golden Wind RequiemQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 10:29Mista: Come on, guys! Hear me out!Nara: Would you cool it already?Okay, what do you want?Mista: I was thinking about this last night...Mista: So, if you were to eat human flesh, would it taste good or bad?Fugo: Come on, Mista. Don't talk about stuff like that.Nara: Why the hell would you bring that up out of the blue?Nara: Get outta here! Go eat by yourself!Gio: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!Crunch,Sfx: {\fad(,)\c&HF&\c&HAA&\pos(,)}ScrunchCrunch,Sfx: {\fad(,)\pos(,)\c&HF&\c&HAA&}KapowGio: You won't be heading anywhere.Gio: In particular, you will never arrive at the truth.Dia: Why, you little brat!Gio: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!Gio: Useless!No_one_can_escap,Op subs: No one can escape the fate that was chosen for them.No_one_can_escap,Op subs: All that remains is the end, where you will all perish.JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio  Golden Wind RequiemMista: Y-You did it! At last!Mista: Your Golden Wind evolved with the arrow, and...Mista: I couldn't see what it did, so I don't really know how,Mista: but you finally defeated him!Trish: But... wait a sec.JoJo-main: ,Did he float up anywhere?Trish: Hey, where is he? Where's his body?Mista: Damn it!Trish: Where is he?! Find him, Giorno!Trish: Where is he?!Dia: I'm just...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,barely... still alive...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,somehow...Dia: But...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,What was that?Dia: My prediction clearly showed my victory... and yet...Dia: What in the world... was that Requiem?Dia: I need to escape... into this sewer for now...Dia: I still... have enough strength left for that...Dia: I did it...Dia: Was I just lucky?Guy: You jackass!Guy: I-I'm not g-gonna let you s-snatch my precious c-coat!Guy: It's not happening!Guy: What? You wanna fight?Guy: Well, do ya?! Don't mess with me!Guy: I'll take you on anytime!Guy: Come at me, ya dickhead!Dia: What?!Guy: Come on! Come at me!Dia: I-Impossible!Dia: This can't be...Guy: You're never gonna get my coat!JoJo-main: ,I can't stand up!Dia: S-Someone...Guy: You ain't getting it...Dia: I-I can't... Not here...Guy: You ain't getting it...Dia: I-I'm Diavolo!Dia: Not at the hands of a guy like him...Dia: I'm fading...Dia: Where am I?Dia: Why am I sleeping on a bed?Dia: I fell into the river, and then, when I got into that sewer...Lady: Let's see... Today's date is the th.JoJo-main: ,: AM.Lady: File number .Lady: I, Dr. Monica Ultello, will be handling this case.Lady: We have an adult male, between the ages of  and .Lady: His identity is unknown.Lady: Judging from the state of his skin, it's been about  to  hours since his death.Lady: I will now begin the autopsy to determine his cause of death.Dia: Hey, woman... What are you talking about?Lady: Although his body was found near the river,Dia: Where am I? What am I doing here?!JoJo-main: ,he had barely any water in him, so he couldn't have drowned.Dia: Hey, woman!Dia: I can't move...Dia: M-My fingers...Dia: My body...Dia: What in the world is...Dia: Hey, woman! Are you listening to me?!Dia: Who the hell are you?Dia: What are you doing?!Dia: Why won't my body move?!Dia: A-And this pain...Dia: I-It hurts!Lady: The cause of death is a s*ab wound reaching his liver.Lady: There are no marks indicating hesitation, so we can rule out su1c1de.Lady: Next, I'll dissect his abdomen and check inside, just in case.Lady: His liver is very healthy. It's a very nice color.Dia: I-It was just a dream?JoJo-main: ,Am I just dreaming?Dia: But...JoJo-main: ,I-It's happening again.Dia: What time is it? Where am I?Dia: I was in the Tiber River in Rome...Dia: And that feeling...Dia: That unimaginable pain I experienced in the autopsy room...Dia: I-It was too real to be a dream...Guy: Hello, sir?Guy: Are you all right?Guy: Why are you hunched over like that? Are you not feeling well?Crunch,Sfx: {\c&HCBE&\c&HBD&}JumpGuy: Hey, stop that!Dia: What in the world is this?!Dia: Something's wrong!Dia: I-I couldn't possibly die in such a stupid manner!Dia: Don't tell me that this is...Dia: Golden Wind Requiem's—Trish: We have to find him!Trish: I can sense that he's still alive!Trish: I can't relax until we know for sure!Gio: No, there's no reason to look for him.Trish: What?Gio: Everything's already over.Gio: I wasn't able to clearly see Requiem's ability myself,JoJo-main: ,but I know deep in my heart that it's true.Gio: He won't be heading anywhere ever again.Gio: In particular, he'll never arrive at the truth...Gio: He'll never even arrive at the truth behind his death.Girl: Why are you hunched over, mister? Does your tummy hurt?Gio: Eternally.Trish: B-But he's alive...Gio: His end is that there is no end.Gio: That's... Golden Wind Requiem's ability!Dia: H-How many times am I going to die?!Dia: Wh-When am I going to be att*cked next, and from where?!Dia: S-Stay back!Dia: Stay away!Dia: S-Stay...Dia: Stay the hell away from me!Mista: So we finally did it?Trish: We're the ones who won?Mista: Hey, come on! Let's hurry back to the Colosseum.Mista: Bucciarati might've gotten his soul back, but his body is hurt.Mista: He's probably wondering what the hell happened to us at the Colosseum!Trish: Right.Mista: Giorno, come on! We're going back to the Colosseum!Mista: Let's heal Bucciarati's wounds and head home!Gio: Yeah...JoJo-main: ,Let's go.Gio: I'll be right there.Bruno: Giorno, that's how it should be.Bruno: Don't worry about it.Bruno: What we've accomplished up to this point is an absolute victory.Bruno: Fate is a sleeping sl*ve.Bruno: And we've set that sl*ve free.Bruno: That's what our victory is.Sign: Giorno GiovannaSign: Golden Wind RequiemMista: Just hear me out!Mista: Taking time to really think about what you're eatingMista: is connected to whether or not you're living a happy life.Mista: That's why I think it's really important.Mista: So, there are animals that are carnivores, right?Mista: You know, like lions, cats, and vultures.Mista: You won't find meat from carnivores like that at a restaurant.Mista: Why is that?Mista: Because it's too smelly to eat!Mista: It's disgusting!Mista: Listen up, guys! Cats are too disgusting to eat.Mista: Are we on the same page so far?Nara: I'd never eat a cat, even if some culinary expert said it was the best thing ever!Mista: On the other hand, have you heard of a fish called "sweetfish"?Mista: Sweetfish don't eat bugs. They only eat algae.JoJo-main: ,They're vegetarian.Mista: Usually, fish guts are too bitter to eat, but sweetfish guts are delicious.Mista: It's because they're not carnivores.Mista: So with that logic in mind,Mista: all the meat we consider delicious is from herbivorous animals!Mista: Cows, pigs, and chickens!Mista: The better their feed, the better they taste!Mista: Which leads us to this conclusion...JoJo-main: ,Humans would taste gross because they eat meat!Mista: Well? How do you like the opinion I came up with?Abba: I see. That's actually rather convincing.Mista: That whole thing that comes up in novels about human flesh tasting goodJoJo-main: ,is a flat-out lie!Nara: I, uh... I actually eat a lot more vegetables and fruits than meat, though...Mista: Then you might actually be pretty tasty!Fugo: Narancia, don't egg him on!Abba: Hey, you're late, Bucciarati.Bruno: You know Leaky Eye Luca, who's in charge of the airport, right?Bruno: His dead body was just discovered.Bruno: I've been ordered by the capo Polpo to check it out.Nara: I hate that guy. He deserved to die.Nara: He had no qualms about tormenting the weak,Nara: and he sold dr*gs to kids.Nara: He probably got high and hit his head or something.Bruno: Narancia, you may feel that way deep inside, but don't actually say it.Bruno: Think about the world we live in.Fugo: Do you want me to look into this?Fugo: You're going to be a capo someday.Fugo: You don't need to trouble yourselfwith such trivial matters.Bruno: No, I'll be looking into this myself.Bruno: By the way, Fugo...Fugo: Oh, right. You have a guest.Fugo: He's been waiting for you all morning.Fugo: He's a civilian who runs a flower shop in Monsanto Plaza.Fugo: I've looked into him already.Fugo: He's an ordinary, responsible gentleman,Fugo: but he lost his only daughter six months ago.Guy: Mr. Bucciarati... As you can see, my legs don't work so well,Guy: and I came here without my wife, who usually accompanies me,Guy: so I apologize for coming here alone.Bruno: Do you pay your taxes?Guy: I beg your pardon?Bruno: Do you always honestly pay the taxes you owe to this country on time?Guy: Of course I do...Bruno: I don't know what you came here to talk to me about,JoJo-main: ,but a civilian like you shouldn't be here.Bruno: If you properly pay your taxes,JoJo-main: ,you should go talk to the police or anyone else who deals with the law.Bruno: The moment you start talking to me, you'll end up inJoJo-main: ,far deeper debt to the organization than you can even imagine.Guy: I, just like everyone else in this country,JoJo-main: ,have worked hard for my family, believed in the law,JoJo-main: ,and raised my child with proper morals.Guy: She was my only daughter.Guy: She had turned seventeen last September.Guy: I apologize if I sound overbearing,JoJo-main: ,but I'd like to continue this conversation with you in private.Bruno: If you want to continue this conversation...JoJo-main: ,They all trust me greatly, and I also trust them.Bruno: And you're asking me to interrupt their meal and tell them to go outside?Bruno: I can't do that.Guy: This happened a few months ago...Guy: My wife told me that my daughter had a boyfriend.Guy: I heard that he was a young sculptor who was just getting started.Guy: That was fine and all, but despite the fact that he was older than my daughter,Guy: he never came to introduce himself to us, her parents.Guy: That got to me.Guy: And shortly after...JoJo-main: ,my daughter jumped off the roof of his apartment building,JoJo-main: ,holding a strange rock sculpture he had made, and plunged into the courtyard...Guy: I'm terribly sorry for losing my composure...Guy: Why do my tears hurt so much?Guy: My daughter was my hope...Guy: My daughter shone with youthful beauty...Guy: I want you to avenge my daughter!Guy: Please make that man pay!Bruno: Hang on a second.Bruno: Are you saying this was m*rder?Bruno: Are you implying that this boyfriend pushed her off the roof?Bruno: If a m*rder happened in this town, I would have heard about it.Guy: The police refused to look into it further and ruled it a su1c1de.Guy: Even my lawyer!Guy: But there's something that only her family knows...Guy: My daughter would never commit su1c1de!Guy: Both my wife and I can say that with confidence!Guy: Please! I want you to settle this once and for all!Guy: Please make him, the bastard who's still living his life as usual, experienceGuy: these tears of despair that I'm crying!Bruno: Life is full of hardships.Bruno: I feel for you, but I can't agree to this.Bruno: Are you trying to imply that we're some assassins who would lynch just anyone?Guy: Everyone in this town relies on you.Guy: I'm just asking for the rightful punishment!Bruno: The rightful punishment?Bruno: Florist, earlier, you asked if we could talk privately.Bruno: That was because you knew how dangerous this conversation is, wasn't it?Bruno: But what you said about something only her family would know...JoJo-main: ,I can't take that lightly.Bruno: To think that no one involved with the law was moved byJoJo-main: ,those words in the past six months...Bruno: I find that rather unbelievable.Bruno: I can at least try to make this boyfriend talk.Bruno: I'll only ask for that payment once we confirm that he's actually guilty.Bruno: Does that work for you?Guy: Mr. Bucciarati!Bruno: Mista.Bruno: I'd like you to look into this.Mista: Sure.Bad_luck,Sign: Bad luckMista: What the heck...Bad_luck,Sign: {\c&HD&\c&HBBD&\c&HACFAD&}Bad luckMista: is this rock?Bad_luck,Sign: {\fad(,)\c&HB&\c&HBE&\shad\bord}k*ll meAbba: Mista, make sure you put that back.Mista: Uh... Did I knock this rock... off of its stand?Mista: Was it always here?Abba: Be careful when you stand up.JoJo-main: ,Make sure you don't hit that rock.Fugo: Mista, Bucciarati says we can drive you partway.Mista: Right...Bruno: Mista, here's the address to the apartment building.Bruno: Here's a picture of the boyfriend.Bruno: Find him and make him talk.Bruno: You can get a little rough with him if you need to.Bruno: Make sure you get a confession.Bruno: You've got a tape recorder, right?Mista: Yeah... But how far should I go?Mista: I mean, if he actually ends up being a m*rder*r and k*lled that girl...Bruno: We aren't assassins.Bruno: Make it so he can't walk for four or five years, and leave the rest to the police.Bruno: I'm sure that'll satisfy the florist's need for revenge.Crunch,Sfx: {\c&HCC&\c&HDFB&}MenacingFugo: Hey, where are you going?JoJo-main: ,Hurry up and get in the car. I'm gonna leave you behind.Fugo: Mista! Do you want a ride or not? Are you taking a piss?Mista: I'm not! Yes, I want a ride! I'll be right there!Bruno: What's been bothering you, Mista?Mista: Well, there's something that's been bugging me about the florist's story.Mista: He mentioned that when his daughter jumped off the roof,JoJo-main: ,she was holding some kind of rock, right?Mista: Did he mention what kind of rock it was?Bruno: A rock?Mista: Like, the shape of it...Mista: How big was the rock? The boyfriend is a sculptor, right?Fugo: He said it was a strange-looking rock.Mista: Yeah, but what exactly did this strange-looking rock look like?Bruno: He only said it looked strange.JoJo-main: ,What are you getting at, Mista?Mista: Wait, that stone back there...Mista: S-Stop the car for a sec, Fugo! Stop the car!Fugo: Why?Mista: Just stop the damn ca—Fugo: Why do you want me to stop the car?Mista: E-Er, never mind...Mista: I was just seeing things.Mista: It's nothing.Fugo: Are you all right?JoJo-main: ,How much wine did you have earlier?Mista: Hey! I'm not drunk!Mista: Sorry for saying something stupid!Mista: I'm terribly sorry for all the trouble!Mista: That's his apartment building, right?Mista: You can drop me off here.Fugo: Oh, for crying out loud...Fugo: Shouldn't someone else go with Mista on this job?Fugo: Should I accompany him?Bruno: No, I'll go with Mista.Bruno: I just remembered the rumor about Stand users gathering in this town for some reason.Bruno: You take care of the investigation of Leaky Eye Luca.Fugo: Understood.Mista: So the guy's apartment is on the seventh floor...Mista: And above that is the roof.Mista: His name is Scolippi...Mista: The courtyard...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,So this is where the florist's daughter...Mista: That's a Stand!Mista: This incident involves a Stand user!Mista: And what the hell is this rock?!Mista: Bucciarati!
