04x32 - Green Day and Oasis, Part 3 / Green Tea and Sanctuary, Part 3QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 10:23Secco: Sanctuary!Secco: Take this! I'm out of time!Secco: As I thought... There's no mold growing on you,Secco: even though you fell.Secco: Cioccolata's Green Tea will k*ll any living creature.Secco: What the hell's going on with your body?Secco: I mean, I guess I'll just have to pulverizeSecco: every last inch of your body until you can't move anymore...Secco: w-w-with my Sanctuary!Bruno: I don't think Ill be able to defeat him quickly.Bruno: In that case... I'll lead him awayBruno: from here.JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio  Green Tea and Sanctuary, Part Bruno: This should be far enough to lose that underground guy...Guy: There are accidents everywhere!Guy: What's going on?Guy: Look! Someone's unconscious over there, too!Guy: Hurry up and save them!Guy: An ambulance!Guy: Over here!Guy: Under the stairs!Secco: Wh-What's...Secco: Wh-What happened to the mold?!Secco: C-Cioccolata?!Bruno: The mold disappeared.Bruno: Giorno, Mista...Bruno: They must've taken care of the guy in the helicopter.Cio: Secco, it's me. Did you take care of Bucciarati?Cio: Something rather unexpected has happened on my end.Cio: I'm about to take care of Giorno and Mista,Cio: but I've taken a bit of a blow to the head.Cio: So there's something I want to tell you now, just in case.Cio: Listen carefully, Secco.Cio: Their destination is the Colosseum.Cio: I found that out from the b*ll*ts' conversation.Cio: Apparently, someone's waiting for them there,Cio: and this mysterious figure knows how to defeat the boss.Cio: That's why Giorno and the others are trying to get to them,Cio: and why the boss is trying to stop that from happening.Cio: Listen carefully. Figure out this mystery before anyone else.Cio: You're the only one I can count on.Bruno: What's with him?Bruno: Wait, that phone call... Was it...Secco: Cioccolata, you piece of sh*t!Secco: Did you actually think I'd feel sad over you?Secco: You loser!Secco: You're super smart,Secco: you'd throw me sugar cubes and play with me,Secco: and you have a lot of money.Secco: On top of that, you're super strong... Or so I thought.Secco: That's why I thought I'd be safe if I listened to you.Secco: But apparently, you're weak after all!Secco: I mean, you lost!Secco: I don't like you anymore, you scum!Secco: I hate your guts!Bruno: He knows!Bruno: He knows that we're trying to get to the Colosseum!Bruno: He intends to figure out the secret!Bruno: I won't let you go!Secco: Half...?Bruno: Take this! Zipper Man!Bruno: What?!Secco: By the way, doesn't "Colosseum"Secco: sound kinda like "k*ll them" (koroseyo) in Japanese?Secco: Don't you think so, Mr. Language Teacher?Secco: I thought I'd ask before I k*lled you.Bruno: Up until now,Bruno: I thought we'd be out of danger as long as we stopped the man in the helicopter.Bruno: But things are still getting worse...Bruno: The actual thr*at is this guy who can move freely underground!Bruno: If I let him get to the Colosseum before we get there...Bruno: He's going to go on a rampage!Secco: You're... a bit annoying... Bucciarati.Secco: You already know... don't you?Secco: At close range, I'm faster and stronger than you!Secco: You're a nuisance! I'll take care of you here and now!Secco: You sure know how to think fast.Secco: You got away again...Secco: Just barely, though.Secco: But your body really is weird.Secco: What the hell is the deal with you?!Secco: You have glass shards stuck in you, but you aren't bleeding much at all.Secco: Did you... see that just now, too?Secco: Hey... What do you think that is?Secco: It came from the second level of arches, right?Secco: There was something shining.Secco: It happened earlier, too.Secco: Hey, something just hid in the shadows.Secco: Was that...Secco: I saw it... I saw a glimpse of it!Secco: The light was reflecting! Someone was looking over here with binoculars!Secco: The guy you're going to go see is definitely there!Secco: He was in a wheelchair, wasn't he?Secco: I think I saw some prosthetics, too!Secco: Is he disabled?Secco: I'm going to find out this secret!Secco: No matter what the deal with your body is!Secco: I'm going to end you, Bucciarati!Secco: Are you mocking me? You went into the ground with your zipper?Secco: Are you copying me?!Secco: Do you think you stand a chance against meSecco: by going underground?!Secco: Take this! Sanctua—Secco: He's not hiding. He's moving.Secco: These vibrations...Secco: He's moving in some direction...Secco: Y-Y-You copycat!Secco: Who the hell do you think I am?!Secco: You and your piss-stained zipper guy!Secco: H-How dare you steal my technique?!Secco: But the only thing that copying me is going to doSecco: is ensure that you basically just doomed yourself!Secco: I won't let you get to the Colosseum!bruno: The surfaces are getting softer...Bruno: So he is pursuing me!Bruno: But this sound...Bruno: This sound that's heading right toward me with no hesitation...Bruno: They say that sound reverberates better in liquids than in solids.Bruno: It's just like being under water.Bruno: Does that mean he can hear when I'm moving, too?Secco: You got way further than I thought,Secco: but you can't run from me anymore!Secco: I can tell... I can even tell how far you are from me!Secco: He's  meters ahead and to my left.Secco: He moved to the right. Just  more meters.Secco: Just seven more meters...Secco: Five meters...Secco: I'm not going to strangle you. I'll bury you alive.Secco: You can die in this grave youdug for yourself, Bucciarati!Secco: You think you can escape my punchesSecco: when you're surrounded by walls of dirt?Secco: Just two more meters!Secco: A water pipe?Secco: You cut it to try and trick me?Secco: Seriously?Secco: The fact that you're trying these stupid little tricksSecco: proves that you're feeling cornered!Secco: You basically just admitted that you'd lose,Secco: even with your abilities, when you have to face off with my Sanctuary!Secco: I don't know where you are, but I do know that you're within  meters of me.Secco: You're staying as still as possible so I won't be able to find you.Secco: Or what?Secco: Are you trying to come up with some kind of strategy?Secco: I mean, you are pretty quick-witted.Secco: But...Secco: I'll make you lose your upper hand...Secco: You and your quick wit...Bruno: That's a different sound than before.Bruno: What is this sound?Bruno: I'm hearing it from all directions.Secco: The stone pavement inside the ground...Secco: turns to mud because my Sanctuary touches it.Secco: But the moment it moves away from my body,Secco: it hardens again.Secco: Say, Bucciarati...Secco: There might actually be a chance.Secco: If you stay perfectly still, you just might make it...Secco: I mean, there's that miraculous storySecco: about the death row inmate who survived three hangingsSecco: because of the rope breaking or the gallows malfunctioning!Bruno: It's no use... I can't stay underground any longer!Bruno: But it's not like I can run along the surface, either!Pol: I was prepared for this, but if he doesn't make it here,Pol: I'm going to have to destroy the arrow.Pol: Our only hope... is for them to encounter this arrow.Pol: The only ones who can surpass Emperor Crimson, who has the ability to control time,Pol: are those who know the true power behind the arrow.Pol: And the one capable of that is not me.Pol: It's them.Pol: Twelve years ago, I acquired this arrow after fleeing Egypt.Pol: And the fear that this arrow bringsPol: will never end until they come.J_P__Polnareff__,Sign: J.P. Polnareff( years old, French)Sign: {\fad(,)\an\fnArial\b\fs\shad\pos(,)}The Colosseum in Rome{\fs\bord}"Rome will exist as long as the Colosseum does;when the Colosseum falls, so will Rome;when Rome falls, so will the world. (A quote from acertain medieval monk who saw the Colosseum)Pol: This brief history... is rather ironic.Pol: They joined a g*ng because society had cast them out,Pol: yet they're the ones trying to stop this world from falling into the hands of evil.Pol: But in the end...Pol: Will Bucciarati actually be able to make it here?Pol: There's no point if he doesn't come out the victor.Pol: If he fails, I'll have to destroy this arrow and its secret.Pol: All I can do is wait for them to arrive.Pol: Everything begins after that.Pol: I've been waiting all this time...Pol: just protecting this arrow's true power.Bruno: I-It's no use! I've reached my limit!Secco: He moved! He couldn't take it anymore and moved!Secco: Twelve meters to the right. Bucciarati...Secco: He's planning to hide beneath the ColosseumSecco: so he can evade the barrage of stone spears!Secco: That's not gonna happen!Bruno: H-He's coming!Bruno: I can hear very clearly that he's catching up to me.Secco: I can feel the reverberations! He's ten meters straight ahead!Secco: Eight meters...Bruno: He's moving faster than me!Bruno: Zipper Man!Secco: You know...Secco: I knew he had something up his sleeve...Secco: Bucciarati, is this the best you could do in your desperation?Secco: Though you are the only one who was ableSecco: to hide from my Sanctuary for even a second.Secco: But now you're finished! I'm closer than before. I'll find you soon.Secco: The longer you hide,Secco: the closer you come to your defeat!Bruno: Wh-What...Bruno: M-My skin...Bruno: Don't tell me...Secco: Even the stone pavement is turning into mud!Secco: It stands to reason that your bodySecco: will start turning into mud the closer I get to you underground.Secco: I heard you! You're right there!Secco: Now I've got you for sure. I can tell.Secco: I'm . meters away from you.Secco: So you've already made it to the Colosseum...Secco: You were so close.Secco: Take this! The secret will be mine!Bruno: Zipper Man!Bruno: To be honest, I don't really know why, either...Bruno: But even after breaking some bones, I barely feel any pain.Bruno: My heart has stopped, so I don't bleed very much, either.Bruno: The damage to my body is minimized.Bruno: That's why I was waiting for this...Bruno: I'm sure my eardrums can handle the damage they're about to endure, too.Bruno: I was waiting...Bruno: for you to drag anything and everything into the ground.Bruno: Street lamps, street signs, parked cars...Bruno: And the tires on those cars.Bruno: Whoops. I guess you can't hear me anymore.Secco: You bastard... N-Now you've done it...Secco: But... This isn't a big deal.Secco: I can still hear!Secco: I could hear that tire popping! I know where you are!Secco: You're right there, Bucciarati!Secco: M-My leg! Wh-Where am...Secco: Wh-Why? Wh-Where is he?!Secco: What did he do to me?!Secco: How did I mistake a car for him?!Bruno: Your eardrums have been destroyed.Bruno: Your Stand that allows you to travel through the ground...Sanctuary, was it?Bruno: Now that your ability's lost its radar, your ears,Bruno: it's completely useless.Secco: I figured it out, you bastard!Secco: You're planning to destroy my eardrums, aren't you?!Secco: You think I can't travel through the ground if my ears are destroyed, don't you?!Secco: What a stupid idea!Secco: Stay back!Secco: Stay the hell away from me!Bruno: I won't take your life.Bruno: But now that you know about the man waiting for us at the Colosseum,Bruno: I can't let you go, either.Bruno: I need you to stay put for a while.Secco: You bastard!Secco: You're trying to put me out of commission, aren't you?!Secco: Stay the hell away from me!Bruno: Just stop talking now. This conversation isn't even coherent.Secco: S-Stay away!Secco: Score!Secco: Th-The moment you att*ck me, I'm gonna turn this kid into mud!Secco: Then I'll throw him at you and run!Secco: You don't wanna k*ll a kid, do you, dumbass?!Secco: Change of plans! For a while, I was thinking about defeating the boss,Secco: but I'll settle for just reporting thisSecco: to the organization and getting a reward from the boss!Secco: It's easier for me to just work for the organization.Secco: Hey, brat! Get me a taxi.Secco: Raise your hand and flag down a taxi for me!Secco: You're going to get one for me!Secco: Hey! Are you listening to me?!Secco: You stupid brat!Secco: Hurry up... and get me... a taxi!Secco: Bucciarati! Why the hell are you moving toward me?!Secco: Can't you hear me?!Secco: Your maximum range is two meters.Secco: I'm very aware of that!Secco: You're probably thinking I can't get away because I hurt my leg!Secco: Don't underestimate me! I'll k*ll this brat!Secco: You couldn't reach me! I'm out of your range!Secco: You stupid piece of sh*t!Secco: You just grazed my ha— Wh-What the hell?!Secco: A zipper! sh*t, my throat!Dopp: I didn't need to even bother predicting it,Dopp: but in the prediction I saw,Dopp: there was no way that Bucciarati would sacrifice a kid like me.Secco: sh*t! I need to undo this somehow!Sign: {\pos(,)\fs\c&HFFFFFF&}Burnable Trash PickupMon, Wed, FriSecco: Ah, Cioccolata!Secco: Cioccolata!Dopp: I came here after tracing the signal from Secco's cellphone.Dopp: But what's happening seems to be different from the boss's orders.Dopp: To think that Secco had already lost...Dopp: Since they're a pair, that probably means Cioccolata is also...Dopp: It also appears that Bucciarati is here alone.Dopp: Where are Giorno Giovanna and Narancia?Bruno: Wh-What? My body suddenly... All my strength is...Bruno: It can't be... My eyes are blurring, too...Bruno: Am I finally out of time?Bruno: I knew this moment would come...Bruno: But now?
