04x09 - The First Mission from the BossQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 09:24Mista: Ow...Fugo: Yeah, you're going to have to go to the hospital.Mista: I know that! I'm asking you to do something in the meantime!Fugo: Very well.Mista: H-Hey, Fugo, you aren't—Mista: Hey!Mista: What the hell is this?!Nara: Staples!JoJo-main: ,But wow, it actually closed up, just like closing a comic book!Fugo: Narancia, could you wrap up his stomach with masking tape now?Nara: Sure thing.Mista: You sure this isn't going to get infected?Nara: Don't worry about a thing.Mista: Actually, you know, I kinda like it.Bruno: Would you pipe down?Bruno: Well done, you guys.Bruno: Thanks to you, we were able to get to Capri safely.Bruno: Zucchero, who att*cked us on the boat,and the guy Mista handledJoJo-main: ,are both passed out on the boat. No need to worry about them anymore.Nara: Then let's hurry up and go to the place where the ten billion lire is hidden!Abba: Where did you hide it, Bucciarati?Abba: A hidden safe at the bank?JoJo-main: ,Or maybe you buried it in a cave on the island?Bruno: Could you wait just a bit longer?Fugo: Why's that?Fugo: Why are you so worried about the time?Nara: Shh!Nara: Hey, you guys. We're still in here, so how 'bout it?Nara: Can't you do the cleaning later?Trish: Does your name happen to be Toilette?Nara: Huh? What was that?Trish: If your name is actually Toilette, that would mean this is your house.Trish: You can boss around anyone you want in your own house.Trish: But if that isn't the case, you've got no right to boss me around.Nara: Huh? Hey, wait, dumbass!Nara: Didn't you hear me? I said not to go in there!cr*ck,Sfx: cr*ckNara: Wh-What the hell do you think you're doing?!Nara: You want a piece of me?!Abba: What's going on?Fugo: A new enemy?Nara: I'll k*ll you!Bruno: Wait!Bruno: Everyone, stop Narancia!Nara: Why did you stop me?!Bruno: Could you be...Peri: That voice...JoJo-main: ,It appears we've kept you waiting.Bruno: All of you, bow.Bruno: This is Mr. Pericolo, one of the capos of Passione.Peri: I came to accept the ten billion lire,Peri: Bucciarati.JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio  The First Mission from the BossBruno: I contacted him as soon as we reached the island.Bruno: Mr. Pericolo came all this way to accept the money.Gio: One of Passione's capos...Bruno: Thank you so much for coming all this way, sir.Peri: No, no. I'm the one who said I wanted to come.Peri: All of you, lift your heads.Peri: You must be the newbie I heard about.Gio: Yes, sir.Peri: Bucciarati's told me all about you.Prei: Now that you've joined Passione, you're basically family.Peri: You're free to call me Mr. Pericolo.Gio: Thank you, sir.Peri: You, there. Sorry about earlier.Peri: This one doesn't like being touched.Nara: Sure.JoJo-main: ,You...Fugo: You mean, "Yes, sir!"Bruno: Mr. Pericolo,JoJo-main: ,why are you dressed up as a janitor?Peri: There's a perfectly good reason for this. I'll tell you later.Peri: More importantly, you do have it, don't you?Peri: The ten billion lire to hand over to the organization.Peri: Yes, sir. Right here.Mista: What? What did you just say?!Fugo: He said it's right here!Nara: Here?!Mista: Bucciarati, where is it?Fugo: All I see are urinals...Plop,Sfx: PlopAbba: I-It was inside the urinal?!Mista: I mean, that's as safe as it gets, but...JoJo-main: ,Sucks to be the guys who've been peeing there this whole time!Peri: Yup... It's real.Peri: This necklace alone is worth at least seven or eight hundred million.Peri: Bucciarati,Peri: I won't bother asking how you got this fortune.Peri: All the organization cares about is that you have the money.Mista: Wait, you're already putting it away?Nara: C-Could I just touch it a little?JoJo-main: ,Maybe even smell it?Peri: The reality this fortune shows us is that the owner is intelligent and trustworthy.Peri: Congratulations, Bucciarati.JoJo-main: ,You've been promoted to the position of capo.Nara: H-Hell, yeah! He's a capo!Nara: Bucciarati's finally a capo!Peri: You'll be taking over Polpo's turf, now that he's dead.Peri: You'll be overseeing the gambling, money-lending,JoJo-main: ,and smuggling at the harbor, as well as the restaurants and hotels in Naples.Peri: Fifty percent of the profit will go to the organization, and the other fifty will be yours.Mista: That's amazing!JoJo-internal/narrator: ,He earned authority just like that!Mista: With Bucciarati's brains and popularity, he'll be rolling in the cash in no time!Mista: But the ball suddenly started rolling as soon as this newbie Giorno joined.mistA: Is he some kind of lucky boy or something?Peri: By the way,Peri: I know you just took over for Polpo,Peri: but he had left one job unfinished.Peri: Of course, you'll be taking on any jobs that Polpo had, Bucciarati.Peri: Are you okay with that?Bruno: A job that Polpo left unfinished?Peri: It's a direct order from the boss.Bruno: The... boss?Abba: The boss...Mista: The boss no one's ever met?Nara: An order... directly from him?Peri: Correct. I'll tell you right here and now.Peri: You'll be guarding the boss's daughter, and risking your lives doing so.Peri: That's all.Nara: Daughter?Gio: The boss...Fugo: Did you say "daughter"? The boss has a daughter?JoJo-internal/narrator: ,The boss we were eventually going to track down and defeat has a daughter?Peri: You'll start guarding her right now. I've handed her over to you.Bruno: Handed her over?Gio: Bucciarati!Gio: Could that guy be...Gio: No, not "guy."Gio: She must be the boss's daughter!Bruno: That's her?Trish: Do you mind if I go to the bathroom?Peri: That's fine, Trish.Bruno: For now, stay by her side.Bruno: The order is already in effect.Peri: Bucciarati.Peri: Her name is Trish Una, and she's fifteen years old.Peri: "Una" is her mother's maiden name, not the boss's family name.Peri: Trish hasn't met the boss once in her life.Peri: Bucciarati, as you're well aware, no one knows who the boss is.Peri: But of course, even the boss has a past, especially when he was young.Peri: Two months ago, a woman named Donatella d*ed of illness in Calabria.Peri: A few days before her death, she asked that a man named Solido Naso be found.Peri: That man was Trish's father.JoJo-main: ,I'm sure she was just trying to look out for her daughter's well-being,Peri: but...bruno: Naso doesn't exist.JoJo-main: ,Because that was one of the aliases that the boss used when he was young.Bruno: Correct?Peri: Beware of anyone trying to look into the name Naso.Peri: Anyone with any status in Passione is very cautious about that.Peri: Just trying to look into the boss's past would meanJoJo-main: ,challenging the organization itself.Peri: Word about Donatella eventually spread.JoJo-main: ,Word spread even more when it came out that she had a daughter.Peri: Of course, the boss caught wind of this, as well.Peri: The boss's decision was immediate.Peri: Through a few other men, he gave me the orderJoJo-main: ,and placed her in my custody soon after her mother's death.Peri: The boss must've known immediately.Peri: He didn't know she existed until now,JoJo-main: ,but he knew for a fact that Trish was indeed his daughter.Peri: And right after I took Trish into my custody,Peri: we found out that someone was after her life.Peri: If the boss's order had come even thirty minutes later,JoJo-main: ,Trish most likely would've been kidnapped by them, and then...Peri: m*rder*d.Bruno: Who is it? Who's after her?Peri: People who have betrayed the organization.Peri: We don't know how many of them there are.Peri: They're trying to defeat the boss and take over his drug trafficking routes.Gio: dr*gs...Peri: They're under the impression that Trish knows a secret about the boss.Peri: They want information so that they can defeat the boss.Peri: But Trish is just a frail little girl who knows nothing.Bruno: How long will we be guarding her?Peri: One week... Actually, it could even be less.Peri: It's just until the boss finds those traitors and gets rid of them.Peri: Leave this island immediately and hide her somewhere.Peri: The only ones who know that Trish is with you are the boss and myself.Gio: Mr. Pericolo.Gio: You said that order was supposed to go to Polpo, correct?Gio: Which means...Peri: The enemies are Stand users...Peri: I'd say that's a safe assumption.Peri: They're most likely moving as a team, as well.Peri: We don't yet know how many there are.Peri: I don't have a Stand ability.JoJo-main: ,This is all I can do for you.Peri: I'll contact you again if I learn anything else.Trish: Um...Fugo: M-Me?Trish: Yes. Is it with you... um...JoJo-main: ,Am I going to be with you now?Fugo: Yes, that's correct.Fugo: But it'll be all six of us.Fugo: We will be risking our lives to protect you.Trish: I see.JoJo-main: ,Then would you mind taking off that jacket?Fugo: My jacket? Why?Trish: Just hurry up and take it off.Trish: It's not as if I want to see you shirtless or anything.Fugo: V-Very well.Trish: I don't have a handkerchief, so go buy one for me.Trish: Also, some stockings and Givenchy Blush No. .Trish: The stockings need to be reinforced at the thighs.Trish: Get the latest issue of Italian Vogue, too,Trish: and some mineral water.Trish: I'd rather die than drink one that's not from France, though.Trish: When you're done gawking at the scenery, go buy that stuff for me.Gio: Guard the boss's daughter, huh?Gio: So we suddenly have a connection to the mysterious boss that I've been looking for.Gio: This is definitely worth doing.Gio: If we can see this through,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Bucciarati will be able to gain the same level of trust that Polpo had.Gio: But if we fail, it'll mean our lives.Gio: All six of us are well aware of that fact.Form: What's your problem? Calm down.Form: I'm just trying to pet you.Sign: At : this morning at Naples Prison, Polpo sh*t himself in the head.Form: Hey, come on.Form: Quit struggling! I can't read it. Jeez...Form: "At : this morning at Naples Prison, Polpo sh*t himself in the head."Form: Well, damn... I was sure it'd be Polpo.Form: Who is it, then?Form: Who's the one guarding Trish, who disappeared?Find_them,Sign: Find themFind_them,Sign: Find themForm: Well, then...Form: "Find them," eh?Form: But was anyone as reliable as Polpo?Form: Only a capo would be tasked with such an important job.Form: And someone with Stand abilities.Form: Did anyone else like that exist?Sign: BucciaratiNew CapoSign: AbbacchioSign: MistaSign: FugoSign: GiornoSign: NaranciaSign: We're just thugs right now,but we're going to workour way up the ladder!Sign: If they att*ck us,we'll k*ll themSign: BucciaratiNew CapoSign: AbbacchioSign: MistaSign: FugoSign: GiornoSign: NaranciaSign: We're just thugs right nowbut we're going to workour way up the ladder!Sign: If they att*ck us,we'll k*ll themSign: PericoloHas the boss's trust.Just a capo.Sign: Mysterious Boss(Villain)Sign: We're going to defeat the boss andmake a k*lling from his dr*gs.Sign: Find them and get rid of them.Sign: Protect my daughter!Sign: Daughter(Trish)Sign:  yrsSign: The boss's daughtermust know something about him.Sign: We're taking herhostage regardlessSign: We were ordered to guard her.Orders are absolute.We'll guard her with our lives.Sign: We're also bad,but we believe it's morallywrong to profit from dr*gs.(We'll find out yourtrue identity one day)Sign: Team of Traitors (Villains)Sign: We don't know how many there are,but they're definitely Stand usersSign: Polpo's death bringschaos to the organization(The bow and arrow no longer exist)Nara: And that's it for shopping.Nara: Surroundings are all clear.Nara: Let's see...JoJo-main: ,If I go this way and turn here, I'll end up back on this street,Nara: and then head in the opposite direction.Nara: Okay!Fugo: Narancia, listen carefully.Fugo: That's a list of food and other things you need to buy.Fugo: These are the keys to the car.Fugo: You can do this, Narancia.Fugo: I know you can pull it off.Nara: Okay.Fugo: Listen carefully. No one knows anyone is at this hideout,Fugo: not even the people at the winery in the vineyard out front.Fugo: Once you're done shopping, try going in circles on the same path over and over again.Fugo: Also try U-turning every once in a while.Fugo: Check to see if anyone's following you.Fugo: Then, come home after switching over to the other carJoJo-flashback: ,that I arranged just in case in one of the city's parking lots.Fugo: No one else knows that we're guarding the boss's daughter,Fugo: but if someone's looking for us, the last thing we want them to do is follow us.Fugo: Do you understand?JoJo-flashback: ,Someone needs to go shopping.JoJo-flashback: ,It's very important.Fugo: But we have to make absolutely sure no one finds out about this hideo—Nara: Jeez, I get it already!Nara: Leave it to me!Fugo: Okay, now repeat all the steps I just explained to you from the beginning.Nara: Huh?Nara: Once I'm done shopping,JoJo-flashback: ,I drive around in circles in the vineyard out there—Nara: Ow!Fugo: Wrong! Quit messing around! Again, from the beginning!Nara: Huh?Nara: Um...Nara: Drive around so I don't get dizzy—Nara: Urgh! What the hell is your problem?!Nara: Come on, Abbacchio!JoJo-flashback: ,Tell him to stop jabbing me with the damn keys!Nara: I'm older than him, damn it!Fugo: Letting him go shopping is a mistake!Abba: You two will have to figure out whether or not you should be jabbed on your own.Abba: But with Narancia's Stand ability, he should be able to stop anyone tailing him.JoJo-flashback: ,That's why Bucciarati ordered him to go shopping.Nara: So basically, that means I just need to make sure I'm not followed back here, right?Nara: By anyone who might follow me!Nara: Something's wrong.Nara: It doesn't look like anyone's following me,Nara: but something feels off.Nara: I've got a bad feeling about switching over to the other car that Fugo prepared, too.Nara: Huh?Form: Come on already.Form: Where exactly are you headed, huh, Narancia?Nara: That came from below!Form: Hey, so, where are you headed?Form: You keep looking behind you.JoJo-main: ,Are you being followed or something?Nara: Who the hell are you?! Get outta the car!Form: Whoa, whoa, whoa, talk about scary!Form: I'm the one asking the questions here.Form: Don't answer a question with another question. That's rude.Nara: Shut up! Get the hell out of my car, you dumbass!Form: You're not leaving me with any choice.Form: My name's Formaggio.Form: I'm a member of the organization.Form: You already know that Polpo d*ed yesterday, right?Form: Yet everyone on your team just happened to disappear at once.Nara: sh*t... He's bad news.Nara: He shouldn't know the truth, but he's definitely after us.Form: Right when I had something important to discuss with you guys...Nara: I-Is he a Stand user?Form: Narancia, I finally managed to find you, but why are they gone?Form: Where's Bucciarati and the rest of your squad?Nara: Who knows?JoJo-main: ,I have no idea where they are right now.Nara: Did you check the restaurants around here?Form: This car...Form: It's a rental, isn't it?Form: Bucciarati was the one who rented it.Form: If you didn't know that, why the hell are you in this car?Form: Well?Nara: I-I always drive around in Bucciarati's cars.Nara: I'm seventeen, so I don't have my own car yet.Nara: That's why I'm borrowing his.Form: Oh, yeah. Did you hear?Form: Apparently the mortician is trying to figure out how the hell to cremate Polpo's corpse.Form: They can't figure out how to get his body into the furnace.Form: They're just gonna have to chop him up into tiny pieces, aren't they?!Nara: Shut up!Form: Hey, you think so, too, right?Nara: Huh?Nara: What the hell? Th-There's no one here!Form: You actually fell for it.Form: Man, you're useless.Form: Say, Narancia, why are you guysForm: hiding somewhere when a capo's funeral is going on?Form: I'm gonna make you talk if I can't just follow you!Nara: Now you've done it, you assh*le!Form: You're gonna tell me all kinds of things, right here and now!Nara: You bastard...Form: Huh?Nara: You bastard...Nara: I'll m*rder you!Form: What the hell is that?!Nara: Li'l Bomber!Form: So he's a Stand user... Tiny Feet!Nara: sh*t!Nara: Look at how badly I'm bleeding!Nara: How dare you?! How dare you?! How dare you?!Sfx: Bada Bada BadaNara: I'll k*ll you! I'll k*ll you! I'll k*ll you!Form: This is definitely not good...Nara: I'll k*ll you! I'll k*ll you!Form: Th-This little sh*t!Nara: I'll k*ll you!Form: Sh-sh*t! He's out of his g*dd*mn mind...Form: He's lost it and is sh**ting anything in sight!Form: And I'm stuck in this narrow car with nowhere to run!Form: That's the most dangerous part of all this!Form: A-A b*mb?!Nara: m*rder him, Li'l Bomber!Nara: How do you like that? And that?! And that?! And that?!Nara: Are you dead yet?Nara: Ow! Damn it!Nara: Did we do it?Nara: H-He's gone!Nara: Did the blast blow him away?Nara: But... there's not even a shred of his corpse left!Nara: Wh-Where did he go?!Form: Oh, come on... I'm right here.Form: I can make myself small.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,That's my ability!Form: Tiny Feet... All the other guys say this ability is worthless.Form: What determines if something is worthless or not is how you use your brain.Form: That's how it is with abilities.Nara: What the hell? I don't see him anywhere!Nara: How the hell?! Damn it, where did he go?Nara: Is he here?Nara: The same thing happened when he first showed up in the car!Form: Well, good luck in your search.Nara: Where the hell did he just pop up from?Form: I'm gonna be buying some time here.Nara: Now he's hiding somewhere!Form: A woman...Form: This bastard's bought stuff for a woman.Form: Stockings and blush...And it's high-end blush to boot!Form: Who's he shopping for?Form: Is it for his mom or his older sister?Form: No... Chicks are super picky about what they like,Form: so they buy fashion and makeup stuff on their own.Form: The only chick who'd have a guy buy stuff like this...Form: is a chick who can't leave her place for some reason!Form: This is becoming more and more suspicious.Form: Looks like my gut feeling was right!Form: As I thought, without a doubt,Form: the one who was ordered to guard the boss's daughter is Bucciarati!Form: In that case, I'll make sure I get Narancia to show me where they're hiding.Form: My ability should start working on him at any moment now...Nara: Damn it... That bastard's definitely somewhere around here...Nara: I'm sure he plans to follow me all the way back.Nara: But...Nara: I'm gonna find him and k*ll him!Nara: I just have to make it back without getting followed.Nara: I'm going to follow the orders I was given!
