04x39 - The Sleeping sl*veQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 10:48Op subs: No one can escape the fate that was chosen for them.Op subs: All that remains is the end, where you will all perish.JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio  The Sleeping sl*veMista: Bucciarati? This stone is definitely shaped like...Mista: Hey! Are you the sculptor?!Mista: Who the hell are you?!Mista: Don't you dare try anything!Mista: I didn't k*ll you because I was ordered not to,Mista: but now that I know you're a Stand user,JoJo-main: ,there's no guarantee that I won't add another hole between your eye sockets!Mista: Who the hell are you?JoJo-main: ,How do you know Bucciarati?Mista: The florist's daughter falling to her death is concerning,Mista: but why did you follow me from the restaurant?Sco: Daughter?JoJo-main: ,Are you a police officer?JoJo-main: ,No, the police wouldn't—Mista: Listen up, you sick bastard! I'll be the one asking questions here!Mista: You just need to answer!Mista: Just concentrate on that.Mista: Got that? Don't even think about saying or doing anything else!Mista: That also includes lying to me. Got it?Mista: All right... I'll ask you one question at a time.Mista: First off, are you in a g*ng?JoJo-main: ,Do you belong to some organization?Mista: I can find out later if I look into it, of course.Sco: N-No... I'm just a sculptor.Sco: I'm not famous, but I make a living off of it.Mista: Then how did you become a Stand user?Sco: I don't even know what a Stand is.sco: If you mean this ability...JoJo-main: ,It just started happening while I was still a child.Sco: Was it the same for you?Mista: Hey!Mista: Next question. Why did you follow me from the restaurant?Mista: And how do you know Bucciarati?Sco: Bucciarati...Sco: Bucciarati... Is that his name?JoJo-main: ,Let me see him, please! He came with you to this building, right?Mista: Hey, hey, hey, hey!Mista: You didn't answer my question, you moron!Sco: I-It's probably not an answer you'll like...Sco: But this rock moves on its own, regardless of how I think or feel.Sco: It's been like that ever since I was a kid.Sco: It's a power that I have no control over.Sco: The rock didn't follow you.JoJo-main: ,It was following him... Bucciarati.Mista: Oh, is that so?Mista: Do you want me to make it so you can never hold a chisel again?Mista: Sorry to break it to you, but Bucciarati's far away from here, you dumbass!Sco: You're the one who's lying.JoJo-main: ,Bucciarati should be in this apartment building.Sco: Let me see him. His life depends on—Mista: Don't mess with me!JoJo-main: ,Why did you k*ll the florist's daughter? What are you after—Mista: What the hell are you doing?!JoJo-main: ,I told you to not try anything funny!Sco: The rock has left...Mista: What?!Sco: One of the greatest sculptors in history, Michelangelo, once said...Sco: "I don't have any thoughts when I take hold of a marble slab.Sco: Every block of stone already has a statue inside it,Sco: and it is the task of the sculptor to discover it."Mista: What the hell are you babbling about, you bastard?!Mista: You're going to die if you don't hurry up and bring that rock back here!Sco: Michelangelo was saying that the ultimate statue is not created from an idea.Sco: It already dwells within the stone as its destiny.Sco: He was an artist who could seethat destiny as he sculpted.Sco: It's not that I sculpted that rock into the shape of Bucciarati,Sco: and neither did your b*ll*ts.Sco: That is the shape of destiny.Sco: The statue had a hole in its chest that was gushing out blood.Sco: I don't know if it's in a few days or in a few months,Sco: but that's going to be how Bucciarati eventually dies.Sco: We're all slaves to fate.Sco: That's the meaning behind my ability, Prophecy Stones.Mista: This is your last chance! Bring the rock back here now!Mista: If you die, so will your Stand! You get that, don't you?!Sco: If he touches my Prophecy Stones,he can die without suffering.Sco: I wanted to see him so I could at least hear his last words...Mista: Wh-What the hell is this guy's problem?Mista: Is he mocking me?JoJo-internal/narrator: ,How the hell can he be so calm, damn it?!Mista: Fine! You want your brain splattered onto that rock so badly?Mista: Look! There are three sh*ts left.Mista: This is how you use destiny!Mista: You're apparently trying to do something to Bucciarati,JoJo-main: ,so bring that rock back here right now!Mista: You're the one who doesn't have time or chances!Sco: I told you. There's nothing more I can do.mista: Bring it back here right now, God damn it!Sco: The florist had a hard time walking, right?Sco: He doesn't know it yet,JoJo-main: ,but it's an early symptom of some disease in one of his internal organs.Sco: He'll most likely survive, though.JoJo-main: ,When his daughter d*ed, her organs were preserved.JoJo-main: ,He'll receive them as transplants.Sco: The girl found out from the rockJoJo-main: ,that she'd contract the same disease in a few months.Sco: She understood that and believed it.Sco: She decided to die while she was healthy for her father's sake,JoJo-main: ,rather than die in pain later.Sco: So she accepted the rock, and...Sco: The rock allowed her to die without suffering,JoJo-main: ,and in a way in which her organs weren't crushed.Mista: You have some nerve saying that when you're the one who k*lled her!Mista: Wh-What?!b*llet: It's a misfire, Mista!b*llet: That b*llet was a dud!Mista: That's impossible!b*llet: That b*llet is Number 's responsibility!Five: Aw, why me?Sco: I cannot die yet.Sco: Because the rock hasn't carved my death yet.Mista: Y-You think you're going to get two duds in a row, you jackass?!Sco: You caught a glimpse of destiny just now.Sco: You no longer have any intention of sh**ting me.Sco: Am I wrong?Mista: Wh-What's with this guy? Damn it!Mista: What the hell is he talking about?JoJo-main: ,Is he still messing with me?Mista: Hello, Fugo?JoJo-main: ,Tell Bucciarati that this sculptor is a Stand user!Fugo: What?Mista: This bastard keeps mentioning Bucciarati,JoJo-main: ,but I can't really tell what's going on by myself!Fugo: What are you talking about, Mista? You still haven't met up with him?Mista: Huh?Fugo: Bucciarati headed to that apartment building a while ago.JoJo-main: ,He followed you right after you got out of the car.Fugo: Hello? Mista? What's wrong?Mista: What?!Bad_luck,Sign: Bad luckSign: Prophecy StonesSign: ScolippiMista: Wh-What's the number, Fugo? I have to find him!Mista: What's the number to the phone Bucciarati has right now?Fugo: Are you all right?JoJo-internal/narrator: ,The one you're calling right now is Bucciarati's.Fugo: Hello, Mista? Hello?Mista: Hurry, b*ll*ts! Find Bucciarati!Fugo: Mista? Hello?Mista: Hey, wake up, you sculptor bastard!Mista: How can I stop that rock?Mista: Hey, wake up, would you?!Mista: Answer me, God damn it!Mista: What do I need to do to stop that rock from getting to Bucciarati?!Mista: P-Please... Tell me.Mista: I'm starting to understand what you told me.Mista: But what the hell am I supposed to do?Mista: I can't let Bucciarati touch that rock, no matter what.Mista: I can't.Mista: Please, tell me.Sco: It'd be better and easier...JoJo-main: ,if you two didn't defy the rock...Sco: No one's been able to do it before, but if you're able to destroy that rockSco: or change its shape, then...b*llet: We found him, Mista!Five: We found Bucciarati!Six: We got a report from Number  that he found him!Six: Bucciarati's on the seventh floor!b*llet: The stairs! Bucciarati used the stairs!Mista: What?!One: Th-This isn't good!One: The rock! The rock is on the stairs, too!One: The rock is right in front of Bucciarati!Mista: Stop him, Number !Mista: Tell him not to touch that rock!b*llet: It's no use, Mista!JoJo-main: ,Number 's b*llet doesn't have enough power left to fly over there.Mista: Bucciarati!b*ll*ts: Yee-haw!Bruno: b*ll*ts?b*llet: We did it!b*llet: That was close!b*llet: Its shape is falling apart!b*llet: That's great and all...b*llet: B-But I have a feeling we might've made things worse...Bruno: b*ll*ts, what in the world is going on here?Bruno: Is that a Stand?Bruno: And its shape...b*llet: Run, Bucciarati!Bruno: Zipper Man!b*llet: Don't att*ck it!b*llet: It's bad news if you touch it!Mista: Run down here, Bucciarati!Bruno: Mista!Mista: You can't touch that rock!Mista: If you lay even a finger on it, you'll die!Bruno: What do you mean?Mista: I'll explain the details later!Bruno: Is that rock a Stand?Mista: Hurry and get downstairs!JoJo-main: ,Get out of this building and get as far away as possible!Mista: What? This happened in the elevator earlier, too...Mista: Sh-sh*t! These stairs are dangerous!Mista: We need to find another way down.Mista: Going down these stairs is a bad idea!Mista: Go up, Bucciarati!Mista: Wh-Where is it?Mista: It's not here! Damn it!JoJo-main: ,Where did it go?!Bruno: Mista, what's going on?Mista: Sh-sh*t!Mista: Above you, Bucciarati!Mista: Bucciarati!Bruno: Wh-What's this face on this rock?Mista: If we can destroy the rock or change its shape...Bruno: Mista!Mista: If I just smash it into the pavement from here, it should break into pieces!Mista: Damn it!Mista: You're not getting away!Bruno: That's impossible! Mista!Mista: Damn it... What that sculptor bastard said...Mista: turned out to be true...Mista: If you don't appear in the rock, then it's not your time to die yet...Fugo: What the hell have you been doing, Mista?Fugo: You left the tape recorder on the car seat, you dumbass.Mista: Hey... It's you, Fugo...Bruno: What was this rock?Bruno: Mista, what chain of coincidences led to this?Mista: Uh... You should be fine now.Mista: I, uh... don't even know how to explain all this.Mista: Anyway, about the florist's daughter's death...Mista: The sculptor was sort of the suspect,Mista: but not exactly the suspect...Mista: I hurt him enough to land him in the hospital for a couple of months, though...Fugo: I still have no idea what the hell you're talking about.Fugo: Was he an enemy or not?JoJo-main: ,Was it su1c1de or not?Fugo: Explain it all in a more orderly fashion!mistA: That's just it, though...mista: It's really, uh... hard to sort everything out in my head.Msita: Simply put, we destroyed the rock, so everything's over now.Mista: Hey, Bucciarati, I'll look into the incident with Leaky Eye Luca.Bruno: No, it'd probably be quicker to look into it myselfJoJo-main: ,than have you try to explain what happened.Bruno: It's a job I can do on my own.Bruno: Fugo, try to get a decent explanation out of Mista so we can explainJoJo-main: ,what happened here to the florist.Fugo: Bucciarati, I'm willing to do anything for you,Mista: I'm not sure how I should say this...Fugo: but do you really think I can understand what he's saying?Fugo: You can stop thinking now.JoJo-main: ,We'll just use Abbacchio's Moody Jazz.Sco: Over...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Everything is over, you say?Sco: If you had just accepted Prophecy Stones, everything would've ended peacefully...Sco: We're all slaves to fate.Sco: We cannot change what has already taken shape.Sco: I don't know who they are, but now they're going to face a difficult path,Sco: and some of them will lose their lives.Sco: But...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Are they all like this?Sco: He jumped from up there to destroy the rock for his friend, Bucciarati.Sco: The path filled with hardships that they're about to walkSco: might have some meaning.Sco: Their hardships may end up being someone else's hope,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,and might be the beginning to some greater meaning.Sco: I can't wish for their safety, but I pray that they are sleeping slaves.Sco: Sleeping slaves who will find some meaning once they awaken.Mista: Hey, hurry up!JoJo-main: ,Who's gonna heal Bucciarati's injuries if you don't hurry up?Mista: Hey, Giorno!Mista: Whoa, be careful, Trish.Trish: Thanks. Something suddenly appeared near my feet...Crunch,Sfx: {\c&HDCF&\c&HB&}MenacingMista: Trish?Mista: Hey, Trish! Wh-Where'd you go, Trish?JoJo-main: ,Trish!Mista: Hey, Giorno! Where the hell is Trish?!Gio: Unbelievable... Trish is right there, Mista.Trish: Mista, Giorno, I'm right here.Trish: I didn't trip on this rock. It's what was in its shadow.Turtle: Don't leave me behind.Turtle: If you leave me behind,JoJo-main: ,I don't know how many days it'll take me to get to the Colosseum.Mista: Polnareff?!Gio: Mr. Polnareff.Trish: You're still alive.Trish: But if all our minds were switched back,Trish: then your soul... and the turtle...Pol: My body is dead.Pol: But the moment my soul got sucked out,JoJo-main: ,I was able to hang on to this turtle Stand.Pol: I can't leave this key, but I decided to live here for a while as a ghost.Mista: Well, it's great and all that you're okay,Mista: but it's not over yet.Mista: We're going to the Colosseum to heal Bucciarati's wounds.Pol: Bucciarati? But his soul...Trish: Hey, what are you doing?!Mista: Oh, uh, sorry!Mista: I was just thinking that you're right...Mista: I think I might actually smell weird.Mista: So this is what I smell like?Mista: Maybe I'll start using cologne...Trish: Really?Trish: I might've said something weird back then,Trish: and maybe it's because I was panicked, but it doesn't bother me anymore.Trish: It almost even feels nostalgic.Mista: Really? Really?Trish: Yes. But your fingers are still weird.Pol: What are you going to do with that?Gio: Those who carry on the will of those who have passed must keep moving forward.Gio: I won't destroy this arrow.Pol: Keep the arrow inside the turtle.JoJo-main: ,That will do, Giorno.Pol: That is the duty of those who have survived.Pol: Let's go
