04x23 - Clash and Talking Head / Crush and Talking MouthQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 10:13Squalo: None of his friends realize that there's another Stand.Tiziano: Yes, they don't realize that my Stand,Tiziano: Talking Mouth, is attached to your tongue and making you sayTiziano: the exact opposite of what you mean.Gio: Narancia,Gio: there must be some reason you can't tell us the truth.Nara: Giorno!Nara: Giorno's getting pulled under!Nara: Even though the water's so shallow!Nara: Li'l Bomber!Nara: The bastard is teleporting from liquid to liquidNara: while still holding on to Giorno's body,Nara: despite there being so little water!Squalo: Yes! I got him.Squalo: If we first take care of Giorno Giovanna, who controls life and can heal his friends,Squalo: it'll be a piece of cake to eliminate the rest of his friends one by one.Tiziano: Yeah, it's all going according to plan.Tiziano: But we should finish off Giorno immediately, Squalo.Squalo: Huh?Tiziano: According to my information, Narancia's Li'l Bomber can track carbon dioxide.Tiziano: Even though Giorno's unconscious right now,Tiziano: if he's breathing, your Crush, which bit into him, will be tracked down.Tiziano: Even if you jump from liquid to liquid.Tiziano: It won't be good if Li'l Bomber tracks down your location and gets ahead.Tiziano: It'll track us down.Squalo: All right, Tiziano.Squalo: I'll stop Giorno's breathing.Squalo: Right now.JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio  Crush and Talking MouthNara: This isn't good.Nara: I can't let them take Giorno away!Gio: This enemy...Gio: So there were already two Stands here?Nara: sh*t! The more I miss,Nara: the more I'm spreading the water around and giving them the upper hand!Nara: I have to get ahead of them!Nara: Where are they? Where'd they go?!Nara: There!Nara: They may be able to teleport, but if I can get ahead of them,Nara: I can fill them full of holes!Tiziano: He's got his radar out.Tiziano: As I figured, he's going to try to track us down and sh**t us.Tiziano: We should stop Giorno's breathing immediately.Squalo: Quit being so pushy. I know, Tiz.Squalo: But it sure is hard to att*ck Giorno while teleporting!Nara: I got the timing down! Now!Nara: Wha— Into his neck?!Nara: Giorno! I-I didn't mean to sh**t you!Nara: Wh-What? His breathing...Nara: The symbol indicating Giorno's breathing...Nara: It disappeared from the radar!Nara: sh*t! They got away!Squalo: Excellent. Crush went into the sewers.Squalo: I'm just going to continue down into the canal and dispose of Giorno's body.Tiziano: Hold it. What was that, Squalo?Squalo: I said I'd take his body to the canal and...Tizi: No, I'm talking about Narancia.Tizi: I almost didn't hear it, but he definitely said it!Tizi: He said, "They got away!" With his voice!Tizi: As long as my Talking Mouth is on his tongue,Tizi: he should only be able to say the opposite of his intent.Tizi: But he said, "They got away!"Tizi: He even said the radar symbol disappeared.Tizi: Squalo! Move from there immediately!Squalo: What are you talking about, Tiziano?Squalo: Giorno's not breathing at all!Squalo: There's no one else who can track down my Crush!Tizi: He said, "They got away!" on purpose!Tizi: It was to put you at ease!Tizi: It was to stop Crush's teleportation for even a moment!Tizi: I don't know how, but he's definitely tracking you!Nara: Back then, Giorno moved on purpose so I'd sh**t him.Nara: That way, there'd be residue from the g*nshots, and I could actually track him!Nara: I can see him.Nara: I can see him clear as day!Nara: Here we go! I'm gonna fill them with holes!Nara: Here I come, you bastard!Nara: This means Giorno's not dead yet!Nara: If we can resuscitate him within a few minutes, he'll be saved!Tizi: This isn't good, Squalo!Tizi: Now that he's fired at you twice,Tizi: he's going to go after the residue from your b*llet wounds!Nara: I did it! I got him out of the sewers!Abba: It's no use, Bucciarati.Abba: I can't replay this enemy any further.Abba: I know for sure that they were in this cup on top of this table.Abba: But they were only there for a moment.Abba: From there, Moody Jazz can't transform, nor go forward.Bruno: What do you mean, Abbacchio?Abba: I don't know. Maybe they can teleport.Abba: But I don't have the answer.Abba: The replay for this enemy...Abba: It won't go any further, like a video tape that's been torn.Squalo: I can't believe Narancia would go this far...Tizi: No, it's Giorno.Tizi: This all happened because Giorno intentionally got sh*tTizi: by Li'l Bomber's g*ns.Squalo: sh*t! I can't get rid of the residue!Squalo: Even in the water!Squalo: Because the b*ll*ts were from a Stand.Squalo: I have to disappear somehow.Squalo: Somewhere he can't detect me!Nara: I've been watching...Nara: and this shark bastard is pretty damn fast for a remote-controlled Stand,Nara: but it looks like it can't get very far in a single leap.Nara: Looks to be about two to three meters!Squalo: sh*t!Squalo: H-His att*cks are becoming more precise!Nara: It could be due to injuries, but their speed's getting slower!Tizi: Squalo!Nara: Yes! Now I just need to end this with a finishing blow!Nara: Take this, you fishy bastard!Nara: Th-This smell...Nara: There's a gas leak!Squalo: This is all according to plan, Narancia.Squalo: Because you sh*t,Squalo: hot water spilled from the potand extinguished the burner.Squalo: Now Li'l Bomber won't be able to sh**t its g*ns!Squalo: Now you can't track me!Squalo: If one of the sparks from your g*n happens to ignite the gas,Squalo: you may survive, but everything around there will burn,Squalo: filling the room with carbon dioxide, and you won't be able to find me anymore!Squalo: Narancia, just go ahead and try to sh**tSqualo: those g*ns!Squalo: We've won!Nara: You know, if I can't sh**t...Nara: I have other ways of k*lling you!Nara: Yes! I got the enemy!Nara: Bucciarati! Mista! The enemy's here!Nara: Abbacchio, the enemy's able to move from liquid to liquid!Nara: Giorno's breathing again!Nara: Huh?Nara: Wait. What did I just say?Nara: Why was I able to speak the truth?Tizi: Squalo, I've released Talking Mouth from Narancia's tongue,Tizi: just like you planned.Tizi: You're pretty badly injured, but I'm sure the boss will be satisfied.Mista: Did you just yell something, Narancia?!Abba: Did you say the enemy's over here?Tizi: But the release of Talking Mouth is only temporary.Mista: Giorno's... That must be the enemy!Nara: Wh-What?!Nara: W-Wai—Tizi: We win, Squalo.Tizi: Yes... This is all according to plan!Mista: Here we go, Six b*ll*ts!Nara: sh**t, Mista!Mista: Wh-What?!Nara: Sh-sh*t! My radar!Nara: I can't track them! They're going to att*ck!Nara: Giorno's going to be taken because of my lie!Gio: N-Narancia!Gio: L-Look for it!Nara: G-Giorno!Gio: Don't go after the Stand...Gio: Go after the user!Nara: Giorno!Mista: Hey, Narancia!Mista: You bastard! Why'd you tell me to sh**t?!Mista: This room was filled with gas!Nara: Look out! It's the enemy! The enemy's above!Nara: No! Below! The enemy's below!Mista: What?!Nara: Guys!Nara: It's no use! I can't stop myself from talking!Nara: I have to stop talking!Nara: It disappeared!Nara: They're planning to eliminate Giorno before anyone else!Gio: Don't go after the Stand...Gio: Go after the user!Nara: Giorno!Nara: Giorno told me to find the user.Nara: Right... They're hurt.Nara: Because they're hurt, their breathing is probably labored.Nara: So that's what he means.Nara: He wants me to use my radar to find them.Nara: I'm alone in this. I have to do this alone.Nara: Someone who's breathing hard...Nara: They have a remote-controlled Stand,Nara: but they have to be somewhere around here.Nara: There's no time! I have to be quick and find them!Sign: Talking MouthSign: TizianoTizi: Okay, this is all according to plan.Tizi: With Giorno gone, there's no one to fix their injuries.Tizi: Now, finish off Giorno.Tizi: For good.Squalo: Yeah, I'll do it.Squalo: I've been injured,Squalo: but I have plenty of strength left to att*ck him.Squalo: Hey, look. It's Narancia.Squalo: What's he doing out here?Tizi: Where is Crush right now?Squalo: Over there.Squalo: It exited the restaurant's sewer pipe and is heading down the canal.Squalo: He shouldn't be able to track it anymore...Squalo: Don't tell me he's trying to find me instead!Squalo: My breathing...Tizi: Calm down, Squalo.Tizi: That's impossible.Tizi: He's just struggling because he's run out of options.Tizi: How many people do you think there are within hundred meters of here?Tizi: Fifty? A hundred?Tizi: There's no way he could tell you apart from the others.Squalo: But I'm injured.Squalo: If he's trying to find someone with labored breathing...Tizi: Don't panic, Squalo.Tizi: Look at the bottom of the stairs.Tizi: There are many with even more labored breathing than you in that square.Tizi: Calm yourself and your breathing.Tizi: If we hide your injuries and head into the square like nothing's wrong, we'll be safe.Tizi: We still win!Squalo: Yeah, you're right... You're exactly right.Squalo: There's no way he'd find us.Nara: I found you!Nara: You're right there!Squalo: Wh-What?!Squalo: sh*t! I have to retrieve Crush!Tizi: Calm down, Squalo! Think this through!Tizi: He can only say the opposite of what he's thinking right now.Tizi: He said he found us, meaning he hasn't found us!Tizi: Don't forget that!Squalo: Then why did he bother saying that?!Tizi: He wants you to panic and make your breathing even more labored!Tizi: Please calm down. If you panic, it's exactly what he wants.Tizi: There's no way Narancia can single you out.Tizi: This is just his futile, last-ditch attempt.Tizi: Calm your breathing.Nara: I found you...Nara: There you are.Nara: I finally... found you.Squalo: He said it again!Tizi: Please, calm down.Tizi: He hasn't found us. That's fact.Tizi: He's definitely lying!Tizi: My Talking Mouth is still definitely on his tongue...Squalo: H-Hey, look!Tizi: Wh-What?!Squalo: He cut out his own tongue!Squalo: With his own Kn*fe!Tizi: That's impossible!Tizi: No one can survive after cutting out their own tongue,Tizi: let alone speak!Nara: I found... you!Tizi: H-He has another tongue!Tizi: The ladybug became a tongue!Tizi: It can't be!Squalo: It's Giorno!Squalo: Giorno Giovanna!Squalo: Just as the boss had said, he's the biggest problem!Squalo: That bastard Giorno must've created a tongueSqualo: for Narancia in the kitchen and given it to him!Squalo: He's coming! He's heading this way!Squalo: So he was tracking my breathing!Tizi: It's the opposite!Tizi: If he was actually tracking you, he would've att*cked already!Nara: Considering the number of people out here, there's all kinds of breathing.Nara: Labored breathing, slow breathing...Nara: There's so much that I can't single anyone out.Nara: But I've been waiting...Nara: I've been waiting for this...Nara: For the moment when someone's breathing drastically changes suddenly!Nara: For someone to change their breathing drasticallyNara: after seeing me cut my tongue out with a Kn*fe!Nara: For someone to see their Stand hanging out along with my tongueNara: and panic bigtime!Nara: That's what I've been waiting for!Nara: Just when I thought I'd lost you guys and was about to give up!Nara: You, over there!Nara: Your breathing just fluctuated, didn't it?!Nara: Yeah, you! I'm talking to you!Nara: I'm talking to you, long hair!Tizi: This can't be!Tizi: He actually cut out his tongue to track me!Nara: Which must mean the shark user is the dude next to you!Nara: He seems pretty damn pale.Tizi: Squalo, retrieve Crush!Squalo: I'm already on it!Squalo: It's traveling through the sewers and heading toward that well.Squalo: But... there's no water here!Squalo: There's no liquid that Crush can jump at Narancia from!Nara: You must be him!Nara: The guy who dragged Giorno away!Squalo: Tiziano!Tizi: Now you have some liquid... Squalo.Tizi: This didn't... go exactly according to plan...Tizi: But this doesn't change our victory.Tizi: We're still going to... win...Squalo: I don't give a damn about the boss's orders anymore.Squalo: I'm not going to k*ll you because I was ordered to as one of the elite guard.Squalo: Tiziano... I'm going to eliminate him for you!Squalo: I'll k*ll all of Narancia's friends, too!Squalo: I'll rip them to pieces and make them pay!Squalo: I'll make them all pay!Squalo: Crush! Rip out his throat!Nara: Do you think... I'm going to falter?Nara: Because of... Because of something like this?Nara: We're...Nara: going to get the hell out of Venice,Nara: completely safe and sound.Nara: See ya...Nara: Volare via.Rome___a_m_,Nara: "Go flying"Squalo: You're a damn traitor...Squalo: You're supposed to be eliminated by the boss...Squalo: You're supposed to have no choice but to fear your future...Squalo: What in the world is driving them forward?Squalo: Why does it seem like they have hope?Squalo: Wh-What could it...Guy: Someone just collapsed!Nara: Giorno!Nara: Y-Yes! He's breathing again, faintly!Nara: Giorno, wake up! Giorno! Giorno!Giorno: Narancia...Nara: Abbacchio doesn't think too highly of you,Nara: but we all end up moving under your direction,Nara: as though you're leading us...Nara: We might actually have some hope for this journey... with you around.Nara: Giorno, let's get back to everyone else.Bruno: How long has it been since the att*ck began?Bruno: Four to five minutes?Bruno: Anyway, it's hard to imagine that another assassinBruno: from the organization is in Venice right now.Bruno: It should be wide open.Bruno: Let's head toward the airport!Bruno: We'll get a plane!Bruno: We're going to get a plane and head to Sardinia, no matter what.Bruno: We must find out about the boss's past as quickly as possible...Bruno: or we lose.
