04x13.5 - The Beginning of Golden WindQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 09:34Nar: Giorno Giovanna meets Bruno Bucciarati and joins his crew.Rumble,Sfx: BagyahNar: Under the boss's orders,Sfx: BoomNar: his team acts as bodyguards for the boss's daughter Trish,Nar: but this causes them to be targeted by several enemies.Nar: Let us follow their path to the present by looking back on their battles thus far.Nar: Giorno and Bucciarati's encounter began with a battle.Bruno: You see... I can tell if people are telling the truth or not.Bruno: No one knows why Leaky Eye Luca was at the airport.Bruno: Did you happen to run into Leaky Eye Luca at the airport?Giorno: No. I don't know who you're talking about.Bruno: This taste... is the taste of someone who's lying, Giorno Giovanna!Bruno: Does your head feel wobbly, as if it's about to fall off?Bruno: Though I'm pretty sure you have no idea what I've done to you.Giorno: My body has a zipper?!Gold: Useless!Bagyah,Sfx: BagyahBruno: What?!Bruno: So you're the one who att*cked Luca!Bruno: Take this, Giorno Giovanna!Bruno: I just thought I was moving with incredible power...Bruno: But my body's actually still over there,JoJo-main: ,and my consciousness just jumped out, and that's what's over here?Bruno: Crap!Bruno: I-It hurts!JoJo-internal/narrator: ,A very sharp pain is gradually hitting me!Bruno: I'm ending you right now!Bruno: Unbelievable...Giorno: Golden Wind!Bruno: I-It's happening again!Bruno: I'll probably die from the shock of the pain!Bruno: Don't!Bruno: Stop!Giorno: I plan on defeating your boss and taking over this city.Giorno: Bucciarati,JoJo-main: ,I'm going to become a g*ng-Star!Polpo: What do you think is the most important thingnar: In order to join the organization, Giorno meets with the capo Polpo.JoJo-main: ,when it comes to choosing someone?JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Giorno is tasked with carrying around a lighter without letting its flame go out,JoJo-main: ,That's trust, Giorno Giovanna.Nar: and ends up fighting Polpo's Stand, Shadow Sabbath.Polpo: This test is all about seeing how trustworthy you are...Polpo: with this lighter's flame.Giorno: I, Giorno Giovanna, have a dream!Giorno: And to take my first step toward that dream,Giorno: I have to protect this flame, no matter what!Giorno: This isn't good.Black: You relit the lighter, too, didn't you?Black: I'll give you one more chance. You have two possible paths...Giorno: I've got no choice!Giorno: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!JoJo-main: ,All movements will look slow.Giorno: I have to find it before the slowed-time effect wears off,Giorno: or it'll att*ck me again.Giorno: What?!Giorno: F-From within the shadows?! Sh-sh*t!Giorno: Its movements are slower, but it's still just as powerful!Giorno: I can't move at all!Giorno: The sun's going to set on the other side of the school soon.Giorno: Once that happens, I'll have nowhere to run.Koichi: What are you doing, Giorno Giovanna?!Giorno: Koichi!Koichi: I was watching from the window!Giorno: You were... watching?Giorno: Then... did you see the lighter being relit, too?Koichi: Huh?Giorno: Don't step into the handrail's shadow, Koichi!Giorno: Get out of the shadows!Black: You saw the lighter being relit, didn't you?Black: You have two possible paths.Giorno: Golden Wind!Giorno: It hurts so much...JoJo-main: ,This hurts like hell, but now...Giorno: it looks like I was able to drag you out into the sunlight.Koichi: I-It's gone!Black: I've got you!Giorno: Wh-What?!Koichi: The crows!Koichi: It hid in the shadows of those crows and moved over there in them!Giorno: While in the shadows, its power and speed are much higher!Koichi: Act !  Freeze!Giorno: It's strong...JoJo-main: ,It's determined to not let go, no matter what.Black: You have two possible paths...Koichi: Act ! Undo  Freeze...Giorno: No.Giorno: Don't do that, Koichi.Giorno: This ability that makes things heavier... Don't you dare undo it.Giorno: This is perfect.Giorno: This is exactly the ability that I was looking for!Koichi: But your leg's going to shatter!Giorno: Golden Wind is an ability that continuously gives life,Giorno: so that tree continued to grow, lived the extent of its life,JoJo-main: ,and is now starting to wither.Koichi: So you got to the tree's roots by digging that hole!Bam,Sfx: BamGiorno: You told me there were two paths,Giorno: but sadly, you only have one.Giorno: Koichi, could you move to the right a little?Koichi: Huh? Like this?Giorno: Hmm...Giorno: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!Giorno: Bask in the sunlight.Giorno: That's it.Giorno: That's your one possible path.Giorno: Still, I have to wonderJoJo-main: ,if I'm going to be able to join the g*ng now.Polpo: If the most important thing in this world is trust,Polpo: the most despicable thing you can do is insult someone.JoJo-main: ,I will risk my life over being insulted.Polpo: I believe that God forgives even m*rder.Polpo: Don't forget that.Polpo: Congratulations! I will allow you to enter the organization.Polpo: What was that noise?Polpo: Well, whatever.Giorno: When someone insults you, even m*rder is forgivable?Giorno: I see. What you told me is very important.Giorno: You insulted that innocent old man's life.Giorno: You should savor your last meal as best you can.nar: Polpo, who d*ed, had a hidden fortune that he kept secret even from the organization.Bruno: The capo Polpo committed su1c1de.Mista: What? su1c1de?! Polpo did?nar: Bucciarati proclaims that he was ordered by Polpo to hide his fortune for him.Nara: No way!Fugo: But why?Bruno: Polpo actually has a secret fortune.nar: Now that the crew is together, our story greatly changes.Bruno: It's worth...Bruno: ten billion lire!Bruno: With that money, we can claim the rank of capo!Nara: A-Awesome!Bruno: No one can find out before we secure the money.nar: Members of the organization who heard about Polpo's fortuneNara: B-Bucciarati!Bruno: Hey! Something's wrong!JoJo-internal/narrator: ,att*ck the crew one after another.Mista: If you're just fooling around and hiding... Hup!Mista: Hurry up and answer us!Fugo: Mista?Bruno: It can't be...Fugo: Come on, Mista!Fugo: Why are you messing around now—Bruno: Hey, Fugo!Abba: What?Bruno: There's someone hiding somewhere on this boat!Giorno: If we get close without figuring out the mystery, we're going to get kil—Abba: Shut your mouth!Abba: You stupid little brat...Giorno: I, Giorno Giovanna, have a dream.Abba: What are you talking about?Giorno: You can solve the mystery, right?Giorno: I'm counting on you!Bruno: Giorno!Bruno: What the hell are you doing?!Crunch,Sfx: RoarBruno: G-Giorno!Bruno: Giorno's in trouble!Abba: Giorno Giovanna... You're one crazy bastard.Abba: All this to prove yourself...Abba: What the hell is wrong with you?Abba: Moody Jazz!Abba: Does Narancia from five minutes ago work?Bruno: Yeah. That should be fine.Bruno: Let's get behind Narancia.Bruno: He's about to be att*cked!Bruno: L-Look! It's the same wound Giorno had!Sfx: Roar!Bruno: It's coming!Bruno: He's deflating like a balloon losing air!Abba: The pipes! Cut through them and get them outta there!Bruno: Zipper Man!Bruno: Th-They're not there!Abba: It's right around there.Bruno: Right around where?Abba: I'm telling you, right where you opened up!Abba: My Moody Jazz is definitely right there!Abba: Impossible... It's definitely right here.Abba: Does this mean there's a mystery we haven't solved yet?Abba: That Giorno Giovanna, whom I hate, told me to solve this mystery.Abba: He's an annoying little brat,Abba: but I'm going to solve it!Abba: There's one more mystery surrounding this enemy.Abba: I'm finally starting to see it.Abba: I'll solve this and k*ll that bastard!Abba: That awkward feeling I got when I saw the mast...Abba: Back then...Sfx: BzzzzzzBruno: It's right there! Call back your Stand!Abba: I've figured out the other mystery!Bruno: Abbacchio...Abba: k*ll him... Bucciarati!Abba: This mystery...Abba: The place the enemy's hiding...Bruno: You're being dragged in! Grab on to me!Bruno: Damn it!Bruno: He's not there...Bruno: Where did he go?Bruno: I didn't punch the deck earlier to find where Abbacchio was.Bruno: It was to put a hole in the bottom of the boat.Mario: A h-hole?!Bruno: I know where you are, so if you don't wanna drown,Bruno: you'd best come out.Bruno: There were two boats!Baaaaaa,Sfx: BwaaaaaFwip,Sfx: FwipBruno: You're way too slow.Pop,Sfx: PopGio: Mista! He's already on the radio!nar: The enemy beats Giorno and the others to Capri, where the fortune is hidden.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,In order to launch a surprise att*ck, Giorno and Mista get off the boatb*ll*ts: sh**t!Bazoo,Sfx: BazooJoJo-internal/narrator: ,and land on the island.Mista: Eat lead!Sale: O-Ow!Mista: I'm going to aim properly this time, damn it!Mista: How could I say something so lame?!Mista: That's not what I meant!Mista: I was supposed to ask how that bastard didn't dieMista: after I sh*t him in the head!Mista: sh*t. I need to reload!Mista: Wh-What the?!Mista: Y-You're kidding me!My left hand won't let go!Mista: Whoa!Sale: I told you because you won't be able to reloadJoJo-main: ,with your left hand stuck to the truck.Mista: His ability is to fix something he's touched into place.b*ll*ts: Hell yeah!Mista: Four b*ll*ts?Mista: What the hell's going on?JoJo-main: ,I only have four b*ll*ts!b*llet: Four is unlucky.Five: Don't put all four in there. It'll just be bad luck.Sale: Just gotta tap it slightly with my finger...Sale: Even if it's just slightly, if I tap it over and over,Sale: it'll just keep building up force in the place where it's affixed.Sale: I can't hit it too hard.Sale: It'll throw off my aim, and my enemy will figure out which way it's going to fly.Sale: And then... I let it loose!Bam,Sfx: BamMista: What?!Mista: This really sucks...Mista: Talk about bad luck.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Four is always the absolute worst for me.Mista: Still, other than that, it's a good number.Mista: I only have one b*llet left, but this means the worst is over, right?Mista: Now the number's one, damn it!Seven: Number ! Number ! Group up!Seven: We're all gonna group up on this last sh*t!Seven: This is the the last of them, so give it your all!All: Yeah!Mista: If I told you that I only have one b*llet left in this chamber, would you believe me?Mista: I'm telling you the truth.JoJo-main: ,I only have one b*llet left.Sale: What are you pointlessly rambling on about, Mista?Mista: You're definitely going to let your guard downJoJo-main: ,now that you know I only have one b*llet left.Five: He's gonna use his Stand!Seven: Leave it to me!Seven: Let's go! We only have one target!JoJo-main: ,Give it your all!Sale: You're aiming for the inside of my mouth.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Am I wrong?Five: He opened his mouth on his own!Six: He's not going to defend himself!Seven: We'll just have to charge right in!Sale: I knew it.Sale: It looks like you weren't lying about that being your last b*llet.Sale: I see you're not sh**ting again.Sale: You done now, Mista?Sale: If you're finished...Sale: The launching power on this baby...Sale: is more than ready, Mista!Sale: I win! Take this! Release!One: He really did let down his guard.Six: He let his guard down because Mista was out of b*ll*ts!Seven: We just wanted to get closer to him,Seven: because the closer we get, the better we can aim!Sale: Wh-What?!One: Here we go, boys!One: Aim!Sale: Arts & Crafts! Defend!Sale: The b*llet split in two?!JoJo-internal/narrator: ,He's aiming for that!Sale: That's—b*ll*ts: We did it!b*ll*ts: Yes!b*ll*ts: Yes!Mista: Come on, Number .JoJo-main: ,I keep telling you to not bully Number , jeez...Nar: After an intense battle, Giorno and the others successfully retrieve the fortune.Mista: Bucciarati, where is it?Fugo: All I see are urinals...Nar: They give that money to the organization, and Bucciarati becomes a capo.Plop,Sfx: PlopAbba: I-It was inside the urinal?!Mista: I mean, that's as safe as it gets, but...JoJo-main: ,Sucks to be the guys who've been peeing there this whole time!Peri: Yup... It's real.Peri: The reality this fortune shows us is that the owner is intelligent and trustworthy.Peri: Congratulations, Bucciarati.JoJo-main: ,You've been promoted to the position of capo.Nara: H-Hell, yeah! He's a capo!Nara: Bucciarati's finally a capo!Nar: They were then given an order from the boss through the capo Pericolo.Peri: Of course, you'll be taking on any jobs that Polpo had, Bucciarati.Nar: Their mission was to act as bodyguards for Trish, the boss's daughter.Peri: You'll be guarding the boss's daughter,and risking your lives doing so.Peri: That's all.Nara: Daughter?Nar: Because Trish cannot appear in public, Narancia ends up going shopping for her.Form: Anything cut by my Tiny Feet becomes small.Form: It does take a little while for the ability to go into effect, though.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,It's then that he's att*cked by Formaggio,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,one of the members of the Hitman Team that's trying to overthrow the boss.Form: Look at those creepy little shits...Nara: The same movement...JoJo-main: ,All of them are moving the same way,Nara: but there's only one rat who's breathing really hard...Nara: Yes! A clean sh*t!Form: Th-That was close...Form: If I hadn't returned to my normal size, I would've been done for!Nara: I-I didn't get him!Nara: Did I become so small that Li'l Bomber's power also shrank?Form: What?!Nara: Damn it!Nara: I'll just make them bigger!Form: Tiny Feet!Fugo: Who's going to fight him?!Nar: Next, they head to the Pompeii Archaeological Park as instructed by the boss,Abba: Hold on, Fugo. I have no idea what you're talking about.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,and Fugo is pulled into the world of mirrors by another member of the Hitman Team, Illuso.Gio: Is something wrong with the mirror?Fugo: This isn't good! He's going to att*ck!Fugo: Get away from the mirror!Fugo: What?Fugo: Giorno! Abbacchio!Abba: When Purple Smoke uses its fists, no one can stay nearby.Nar: But then, Fugo's terrifying Stand ability, feared by even his friends, is revealed.Illuso: What the hell is with these corpses?Abba: It's a k*ller virus.Abba: That's Fugo's Stand, Purple Smoke's ability.Gio: A virus?Abba: Look at its hand.Abba: When it hits something with its fist, that capsule breaks open,Abba: and the virus comes spilling out!Abba: It infects its host within thirty seconds, then kills them instantly.Abba: And once the virus spreads, it doesn't matter who's nearby, be they friend or foe.Abba: I knew it... Fugo's unable to control it.Illu: You're finished. Take this!JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Even more powerful enemies are bound to att*ck Giorno and the others in the future!JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Will Giorno and the others successfully be able to protect TrishJoJo-internal/narrator: ,and carry out the boss's orders?JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Also, will Giorno and Bucciarati be able to achieve their true goal?JoJo-internal/narrator: ,The journey has only just begun for Giorno and his friends!
