04x12 - The Second Mission from the BossQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 09:29Bruno: "Head to the Pompeii Archaeological Park. I've hidden a key near the dog mosaic."Bruno: "That key is for a vehicle that'll bring my daughter safely to me."Bruno: Fugo! Abbacchio! Giorno!Bruno: You three head to Pompeii and get that key!JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio   The Second Mission from the Bossfugo: The city of Pompeii was known to the Romans as a peaceful, prosperous health resort.Fugo: It was then abruptly destroyed by the lapilli and lavaJoJo-main: ,that came from the eruption of Mt. VesuviusFugo: on August th,  AD.Fugo: Later, archaeologists discovered that all the houses, streets,Fugo: wine bottles, and even carriage tracks left behindJoJo-main: ,were preserved as they were when the volcano erupted , years ago.Fugo: The dog mosaic we're looking forFugo: is located near the entrance of the House of the Tragic Poet in Pompeii.Gio: Oh, Fugo,Gio: you were supposed to turn right at that corner, not left.Fugo: You should've told me sooner, Giorno.Fugo: What point is there if you tell me that after I turn?Gio: You're exactly right.Gio: I apologize. I'll be more careful next time.Fugo: That's not the point here, damn it!Abba: Hey, Fugo.Abba: We're in a hurry, so don't lose it now.Fugo: I know that!Fugo: Damn it...Abba: Well, Fugo's always like this.Abba: I'm more concerned about this newbie, Giorno Giovanna.Abba: If Bucciarati insists that I treat him as one of us, I'll follow his orders,Abba: but there's just something I don't like about him.Abba: This guy's going to do something...Abba: Something that might get us k*lled.Abba: Pompeii, huh?Abba: I haven't been here since I visited on a field trip as a kid.Fugo: Abbacchio, Giorno, let's hurry.Fugo: The place we're looking for is about  meters ahead.Fugo: It should take us about thirty minutes to get what we needJoJo-main: ,and get back to the others.Fugo: Abbacchio, Giorno, be on your guard.Fugo: To think we'd be found so soon...Abba: How many are there?Fugo: One... for now.Fugo: He's peeking around that stone pillar behind us.Gio: Pillar? Which one would that be?Fugo: Wake up, Giorno.Fugo: There's only one pillar.Fugo: Can't you see it?Abba: Fugo, there is definitely a single pillar,Abba: but I don't see anyone, either.Fugo: Quit messing around! He's heading right toward us!Abba: Fugo?Fugo: There! The guy walking over here!Fugo: H-He was right there...Fugo: A guy came out from behind that pillar!Fugo: I saw him in this mirror!Fugo: Wh-What?!Fugo: There! He's right there! He's coming out!Fugo: H-He's inside the mirror?Fugo: He's revealed his Stand! Who's going to fight him?!Abba: Hold on, Fugo. I have no idea what you're talking about.Gio: Is something wrong with the mirror?Fugo: This isn't good! He's going to att*ck!Fugo: Get away from the mirror!Fugo: What?Fugo: Giorno! Abbacchio!Fugo: Wh-Where are you, Giorno? Abbacchio?Fugo: Where did you go?!Fugo: The guy who was in the mirror is gone, too.Fugo: What did he do?Fugo: It was bizarre to have a mirror hanging in a place like this to begin with!Fugo: What in the world is this ability?Fugo: I don't...Fugo: I don't know what it is...Fugo: But there's something off about this scenery.Illu: I'm right here.Fugo: What?!Illu: Pannacotta Fugo...Illu: Highly intelligent, with an IQ of , and entered university at the age of thirteen.Illu: But he went berserk on a professor thereJoJo-main: ,and b*at him senseless with a four-kilogram encyclopedia.Illu: From then on, he spiraled down to where he is now.Illu: The ones who accompanied him are the former cop Leone Abbacchio and...Illu: No documents on the other guy. He must be new.Illu: I think I heard you call him Giorno.Fugo: What did you do to them?Fugo: Y-You bastard...Fugo: Where did you hide them?!Fugo: My watch is backwards?Fugo: Also, I was wearing it on my left wrist, but now it's on my right?Fugo: D-Don't tell me this place is...Fugo: Your ability is—Illu: I guess you're pretty quick on the uptake.Illu: One at a time, Fugo...Illu: It didn't really matter who was first,Illu: but we'll start with you, since you were the first to look at the mirror.Fugo: I-It wasn't Abbacchio and Giorno that disappeared...Fugo: W-We're inside the mirror!Fugo: It was me!JoJo-main: ,I'm the one who was dragged in!Abba: Fugo!JoJo-main: ,Where did you go, Fugo?!Abba: Hey, Giorno!Abba: Didn't you see anything?!Gio: I'm not sure.JoJo-main: ,It looked as though he suddenly disappeared to me, as well.Abba: Fugo! Where did you go?!Gio: Before he disappeared, Fugo yelled at us to get away from the mirror.Gio: And he asked whether we could see the man walking from behind the the pillar.Gio: This mirror...Gio: Is there something... about this mirror?Illu: The question is...JoJo-main: ,Where did you hide the boss's daughter?Illu: That's the most important question...Illu: But I'm pretty sure I also need to know whyJoJo-main: ,you three came to Pompeii, the city of death.Illu: I figure you're here to look for something...Illu: And if that's the case, you came here to get something that'll help you protect the girl,JoJo-main: ,isn't that right?Illu: If you turn just up the way, it'll lead you to the famous dog mosaic.Illu: Is there something there?JoJo-main: ,Well?Illu: I'll be taking it!JoJo-main: ,Tell me what you came here for, Fugo!Fugo: I refuse!Illu: Then die!Fugo: No...Fugo: You'll be the one dying when you witness my ability!Fugo: Purple Smoke!Fugo: My Stand won't appear?Illu: I see... So your Stand is named Purple Smoke.Fugo: Something's wrong. My Stand did come out.Fugo: I can feel it... So why?Abba: Hey, Giorno...Abba: Slowly walk toward me.Gio: Slowly what?Abba: Just come over here, you dumbass!Abba: Forget the "slowly" part! Just get over here!Gio: What?! Th-That's—Abba: Giorno! Forget about that!Abba: That's not our enemy! That's Fugo's Stand!Abba: Just hurry up and get away from it!JoJo-main: ,Don't get any closer!Gio: Fugo's—abba: Get away from Purple Smoke!abba: Hurry up!Illu: Your current location is inside the mirror.Illu: I'm sure you can figure out exactly why I dragged you in here alone.Illu: If I'd brought you in here along with the others,JoJo-main: ,who can fight, it'd put me in danger!Illu: I control the inside of the mirror... That's my ability.Illu: All the things in here are objects that have no life.Illu: You and I are the only living beings here.Illu: That's because I didn't allow anyone else.Illu: I only allowed you, and you alone, to come in.Illu: Which means... your Stand ability was left outside!Illu: This is my Mirror Man!Fugo: Purple Smoke has appeared outside the mirror.Fugo: Then there should be some way to fight!Sign bot: Mirror ManSign top: IllusoNar: Pannacotta Fugo was born into a wealthy familyJoJo-internal/narrator: ,that owned a huge home in the suburbs of Naples.Nar: On top of being born into a life of luxury,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,he was born with high intellect, having an IQ of .Nar: It appeared as though he lived the perfect life.Nar: But the weight of the expectations that his parents and othersJoJo-internal/narrator: ,put on Fugo were slowly crushing his young heart.Nar: At times, Fugo would experience fits of rage that even he didn't understand,Nar: but he would do everything he could to control them and get by.Nar: Then, when he entered university just after turning thirteen,Nar: that rage went out of control in the worst possible way.Creep: Fugo.Fugo: Professor.Creep: What are you doing here so late?Fugo: I'm working on the assignment due next week. I couldn't find the right judicial precedent...Creep: Oh, come on.JoJo-flashback: ,I told you that if there's anything you didn't understand, you could come to me anytime.Fugo: No, I shouldn't keep bothering you...Creep: My job is to teach and lead young people like you in the right direction.Creep: How about it?JoJo-flashback: ,Why don't you come by my house again for dinner, and...Fugo: Please excuse me.Creep: Now, wait just a moment.Creep: I wouldn't mind telling you what's going to be on the next test...Creep: It'll be fine. Just relax, now.Fugo: Stop... Stop...Fugo: Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop!Creep: I'll be gentle.Fugo: I told you to stop, damn it!Fugo: I looked up to you!Fugo: You piece of sh*t!Guy: Did you hear?JoJo-flashback: ,Apparently Fugo's really close with one of the professors.Guy: Are you sure he wasn't the one to lead him on?Guy: That's probably how he got into this school, too.Nar: Fugo's parents used their money to ensure he was found not guilty,Nar: but they then treated him like filth and disowned him.Nar: All alone, Fugo started shoplifting and picking pockets to survive.Nar: Ironically, this lifestyle actually let him use his intellect to its full potential.Guy: You little bastard! How dare you try to dine and dash?!Guy: I'm gonna make sure they throw you in jail!Fugo: No, that won't be possible.Fugo: Are you familiar with the De Sica vs. Argento case from ?Fugo: Going by that judicial precedent,JoJo-flashback: ,there's a very good chance that the court will see this as me acting out of necessity.Guy: Mr. Bucciarati! Please say something to this brat!Bruno: Well, that sounds interesting.Nar: That was right around the time Bucciarati was thinking about creating his own team.Fugo: That basically sums up my life story.Fugo: Please don't pity me.JoJo-flashback: ,I don't think of myself as unfortunate.Bruno: I see. But, well... I think our meeting is fate.Bruno: Would you like to join my team, Pannacotta Fugo?Bruno: I want your intellect and knowledge.Fugo: Mr. Bucciarati, was it?Fugo: Joining a g*ng doesn't sound so bad, but I've already made up my mind.Fugo: I'm going to live on my own, not bothering with anyone else.Bruno: Oh? And why is that?Fugo: I told you.Fugo: When I lose my temper, I do horrifying things.Fugo: If I were to join your team, I might even end up k*lling you.Bruno: In that case, let's see if that'll actually happen.Bruno: Come with me, Fugo.Bruno: I'll bring out the best in you,JoJo-flashback: ,including that fierce, impulsive rage of yours.Nar: Those words moved Fugo's heart.Nar: After that, Fugo underwent Polpo's test and gained Purple Smoke.Gio: So this is Fugo's Stand...Gio: Fugo's not here, but his Stand appeared for some reason.Abba: Since that thing appeared, Fugo must be okay for the time being, but...Abba: Damn it! Where the hell is Fugo?Abba: How's he protecting himself?Abba: Get back, Giorno!Abba: Get back even further!Abba: Fugo rarely lets this guy out.Abba: He only does when he's in serious trouble.Abba: Which means that Fugo's trying to fight somewhere!Abba: Get further back, Giorno!Gio: He seems to be more worried about that Stand than about where Fugo is.Gio: He acts like he feels threatened.Gio: What the? It just started attacking out of nowhere!Abba: This isn't good. We really shouldn't stay here.Abba: We're getting out of here! Come on!Gio: I don't know what you're talking about!Gio: There's something in that mirror!Gio: We need to find where Fugo is!JoJo-main: ,That's far more important right no—Abba: Stop talking back to me, you little sh*t!Abba: I don't care what happens to you,JoJo-main: ,but I'm trying to be nice and warn you, since you don't know what's going on!Abba: It punched it! Run, Giorno!Illuso: I see.Illuso: So you activated your Stand outside the mirror.Illuso: But... that doesn't mean a thing!Illuso: It doesn't matter what your Stand tries to do with its ability.JoJo-main: ,It will never be able to hit me.Illuso: But I can hit you as many times as I like and finish you off!Illuso: A crow?Illuso: Why did a crow fall?Gio: A crow just suddenly...Abba: Stay back.Abba: When Purple Smoke uses its fists, no one can stay nearby.Illuso: What the hell is with these corpses?Abba: It's a k*ller virus.Abba: That's Fugo's Stand, Purple Smoke's ability.Gio: A virus?Abba: Look at its hand.Abba: When it hits something with its fist, that capsule breaks open,Abba: and the virus comes spilling out!Abba: The virus disperses into the air and enters your bodyJoJo-main: ,through inhalation or skin contact.Abba: It then multiplies rapidly.Abba: It infects its host within thirty seconds, then kills them instantly.Abba: And once the virus spreads, it doesn't matter who's nearby, be they friend or foe.Abba: Just like those crows, all of your metabolic functions will shut down,JoJo-main: ,and you'll die as you rot from the inside out.Abba: That includes your Stand, too.Gio: What's its range?Abba: Five meters.JoJo-main: ,Right now, Fugo should be controlling his StandJoJo-main: ,somewhere within five meters of his opponent.Gio: That's definitely important, but what's the range on the virus?Gio: How close do you have to be to be infected by the virus?Abba: At this distance, we should be safe.Abba: The virus that comes from that capsule diesJoJo-main: ,within a few dozen seconds of exposure to an average indoor level of light.Abba: So those crow corpses will soon be disinfected by the sunlight.Abba: Savage!Abba: It att*cks like an expl*si*n, and then disappears like a storm.Abba: It's a Stand that personifies Fugo's violent nature.Gio: What's it doing?Abba: I think it's trying to wipe off the drool that dripped on its leg.Abba: It always looks pissed off, but it's apparentlyJoJo-main: ,really high-strung, and really cares about being clean.Abba: I guess you could say that's the Stand's idiosyncrasy.Gio: It doesn't look like the Stand itself is very intelligent...Abba: It's just a reflection of his violent side.Abba: That would also mean Fugo's isn't able to see Purple Smoke.Abba: He's not controlling it properly at all.Abba: If he was, he wouldn't let it do that.Illuso: This corpse...JoJo-main: ,This crow...Illuso: Is it sick?Illuso: Was it infected by some virus or bacteria?Abba: I knew it... Fugo's unable to control it.Abba: It just att*cked some random spot again.Gio: Wait, is it actually random?Gio: There must be something in that mirror!Illu: Now the mirror got att*cked from the outside...Illu: But it's no use, Fugo.Illu: That's just a normal mirror,the kind you can find anywhere.Illu: No matter what your Stand is doing out there...JoJo-main: ,No matter what ability it may use...Illu: Not even viruses can enter Mirror Man's world!Fugo: Abbacchio, Giorno, please get my message...Fugo: Please make sure you don't get dragged into the mirror!Abba: We need to hurry, Giorno!Abba: Hey, Giorno!Abba: Don't just stand there! Let's go!Gio: Let me ask you this... Where are we going?JoJo-main: ,To get the key?Gio: You're willing to abandon Fugo, who's in danger right now?Abba: Watch your mouth, you bastard.Abba: Listen up. Our mission is to get the key and safely get that girl to the boss!Abba: I want to save Fugo as much as you do,Abba: but getting that key is paramount right now!Abba: Even if I was the one currently being att*cked instead of Fugo,Abba: I would want you guys to abandon me.Gio: I beg your pardon...JoJo-main: ,but I don't believe that's true!Gio: Fugo is indeed in danger, but he hasn't lost!Gio: We should risk our lives and save him!Gio: And making any movements when we don't know the enemy's abilityJoJo-main: ,is dangerous to us, as well.Abba: No! All three of us being taken out is the worst possible outcome!Abba: I'll say it again! We're moving on! Come on!Gio: And I humbly decline!Gio: We're going to solve this mystery, save Fugo, and defeat the enemy!Gio: That's the best way to ensure we're all safe!Abba: I have seniority here, so in this situation, what I say goes!Abba: Are you still going to decline?Abba: You'd better be prepared!JoJo-main: ,That is, if you manage to survive!Illu: I'll ask you one more time, Fugo.Illu: What are you looking for here?Fugo: I have no intention of telling you.Illu: I see.Illu: Very well. There are still two others.Illu: I just need the last one standing to tell me.Illu: You're finished. Take this!
