04x15 - The Grateful Dead, Part 1 / Thankful Death, Part 1QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 09:36Abba: Let me see the key we obtained again.Abba: Go to the drinking fountain with a turtleAbba: and use this key.Pesci: Don't tell me he...Pro: The Thankful Death!Mista: Just the driver... It doesn't look like anyone else is in here.Pesci: There it is!Pesci: Something took the bait!Mista: Wh-What the hell is this needle-like thing?!Mista: A d-different Stand than the one that's aging us?Pesci: Bro, where did you go?!JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio   The Thankful Death Part Pesci: Why aren't you here?!Pesci: Bucciarati and his crew were on this train!Pesci: But I wonder who I hooked. It's definitely not Trish.Pesci: The strength pulling on this rod belongs to a man.Pesci: The needle dug into his left hand.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,He weighs  kilograms!Pesci: I'll reel you right in!Mista: Whoa, hang on a second... Th-This needle's sinking in deeper!Mista: It's so fast!JoJo-main: ,It's moving up my arm at incredible speed!Mista: Th-This line...Pesci: This must be Mista!Pesci: The thing that tried to cut the line was a b*llet!Pesci: The gunslinger is Guido Mista!Pesci: You can't cut my Fisher Man's line!Pesci: I wonder where the impact that hit the line will end up going?Pesci: I'm gonna reel you right in!Mista: I need to get this line out or I'm finished!Mista: Damn it! It's going to make its way up to my brain!Mista: Sh-sh*t!Mista: Six b*ll*ts! Grab this hook and stop it!One: I-It's no use! We're being pulled!Two: We can't stop it with our power!Mista: Sh-sh*t... I'm just going to have to look for it.Mista: I'm just gonna have to find it!Seven: Find it!Six: Find it!Seven: We need to find it, no matter what!Seven: Find it!Pesci: What was that?Pesci: Was that Mista's p*stol?Pesci: Who the hell are you even sh**ting at?Pesci: What if you hit one of the other passengers?Pesci: Or did you sh**t in hopes that you'd actually hit me?Pesci: It's no use!Pesci: The hook is about to travel deep into your ear!Five: We have to aim lower or the ice won't get blown out of the glass!Six: A bit lower! Aim a bit lower!Seven: Over here! Blast right into it!Seven: We found the ice!Seven: Shatter it, boys!Pesci: What do you think you're doing?!Mista: I knew that bastard would be cooling himself, too,Mista: to the point that he'd lose his mind!Pesci: Damn it!Pesci: How could you?! The ice...One: He's all pale and screaming.Pesci: My ice!One: Could this guy be...Seven: It's him!One: He's the guy with the line and hook!Two: That fishing-rod-looking thing is his Stand!Pesci: R-Run for it!Pesci: Ice! I need to find some ice, or I'm going to die of old age, too!Old: H-Help me...Pesci: O-Out of my way, gramps!Pesci: Get your zombie hands off of—Old: My body feels so heavy, I don't want to move...Old: I ordered the really fatty steak,Old: but now I don't want to eat it anymore...Pesci: Don't touch me!Two: Woohoo! We got his hand!Seven: Call Mista over here now!Three: Mista!Five: Hurry up and get over here, Mista!Seven: Mista, over here!Six: We found the enemy Stand user!Mista: Six b*ll*ts, all of you come back to the b*ll*ts.Mista: It doesn't really matter if you answer me or not,Mista: but I'm going to ask you one very, very...Mista: simple question.Mista: If you don't answer within two seconds of me asking the question,Mista: I'll sh**t a b*llet into each of your eyes.Mista: "Uno, due..." I won't wait any longer than that.Mista: Got it?Mista: All right. Here's the question.Mista: Where the hell is your friend?Mista: Uno...Pesci: H-Hell if I know! I don't know where he is, either!Mista: Due... All right. Then die.Old: Hey... Please help me...Old: I've always loved fatty steak so much,Old: but now I don't wanna eat it anymore...Mista: Hey! Get out of the way! You'll want to eat meat again soon enough!Old: No, I can't eat anything anymore...Old: Or rather, you won't be able to,Old: Mista.Mista: Wh-Who the hell are you?!Old: Thankful Death...Pesci: Huh? Wh-What?Pesci: W-Wait! Are you...Mista: You bastard!Old: It works even faster when I directly touch you.Old: Its power is at full strength...Old: when Thankful Death touches you.Mista: B-b*ll*ts...Mista: Th-This speed... sh*t...Pesci: I-Is that you, Bro?Pesci: Are you my Bro?!Pesci: I-I didn't notice at all!Pesci: Y-You were there the whole time?Pesci: I-I can't believe you aged yourself to blend in with the other passengers...Pesci: Bro! Prosciutto! You're so awesome!Pesci: S-Stop! Why are you so mad, Bro?!Pro: You friggin' moron! What the hell was that?! Huh?!Pesci: I didn't know he was going to ambush me!JoJo-main: ,What could I do?!Pro: You still don't get it? Pesci, you friggin' mammoni!Pesci: Please stop hitting me, Bro!Pro: Listen up! The reason I'm mad is because you're so weak-minded, Pesci!Pro: Of course, they did blast away your ice, so you were in shock.Pro: This is aging me, too, so it's bad news.Pro: But if it were any other guy from our team,JoJo-main: ,they wouldn't have made their Stand go away when they wereJoJo-main: ,that close to finishing off an enemy!Pro: Even if they lost an arm or a leg!Pro: You're a damn mammoni, Pesci.JoJo-main: ,You freaked out. You're such a baby.Pro: It's not because of the ice.JoJo-main: ,You're actually scared deep inside your heart.Pro: Grow up, Pesci.Pro: If you don't grow up, we'll never get our glory.JoJo-main: ,We'll never defeat Bucciarati and his crew.Pro: And just so we're clear...Pro: Our team isn't some buddy-buddy club with a bunch of losersJoJo-main: ,who just talk about k*lling people while trying to cheer each other up.Pro: Once we decide in our hearts that we're gonna k*ll someone,Pro: the deed's already been done!Pro: Let's go, Pesci.Pro: Here, have some ice.Pro: You mentioned earlierPro: that you sensed another presence in the driver's cab, didn't you?Pro: I don't know how they're hiding in there,Pro: but the girl's in the driver's cab!Sign: ProsciuttoSign: The Thankful DeathBruno: Don't worry about Narancia!Bruno: Save the ice in the glass for yourself!Bruno: You need to keep your body chilled.Trish: Fanning air and the chill from a cold towel aren't enough.Trish: There's no effect unless you use ice.Trish: At this rate, he'll be the first to die.Bruno: Narancia and the rest of us are willing to risk our lives to follow the boss's orders.Bruno: You just need to think about your safety.Bruno: That's our job.Bruno: You're not here because you want to be here, after all.Bruno: And as for the enemy who's causing us all to age...Bruno: Mista will take care of him.Bruno: I'm sure... he'll do something...Bruno: Mista...Pro: Where and how are they hiding?Pro: I'm finally getting it.Pro: I need to start thinking in four dimensions to find them.Pro: Bucciarati received something black at the station platform from the boss.Pro: That's it. That's what I need to find in this driver's cab.Pro: Hey, Pesci.Pro: What do you think that presence you felt in this driver's cab was?Pro: You don't feel it now?Pesci: A-About that... Bro...Pesci: You shouldn't expect much from me.Pesci: I'm not the brightest.Pro: Pesci, Pesci, Pesci, Pesci...Pro: I believe in you.Pro: If you're still concerned about me yelling at you earlier,JoJo-main: ,you just need to be more confident.Pro: Your Fisher Man is unbeatable when you actually apply yourself.Pro: Right?JoJo-main: ,That presence you felt earlier is extremely suspicious.Pro: It's do or die time, Pesci.Pro: It's okay to be confident in your ability.Pesci: R-Really?Pro: Yes!Pro: Try to remember. It doesn't matter how trivial it seems.Pro: Did anything seem strange?Pro: Like maybe something black?Pesci: Huh? Something... black?Pesci: That's it, Bro!JoJo-main: ,I meant to look under the driver's seat earlier!Pesci: There was something weird!Pesci: S-Sorry... I guess I was just imagining it.Pesci: So, yeah... You shouldn't count on me or my intuition, after all...Pro: No, I don't think you're wrong.Pesci: Say what?!Pro: Excellent work, Pesci.Pro: The mystery's been solved.Pro: I now understand everything thanks to you.Pesci: B-Bro? Wh-What are you...Pro: Why is there suddenly animal sh*t under the driver's seat?Pesci: I don't understand at all!Pro: This isn't mouse sh*t, either.Pro: If it were a mouse, it'd be dead by now.Pro: This sh*t's not old. It looks like it was just left here.Pro: So what does that mean, huh?Pro: Stand abilities don't only belong to humans.Pro: And that means...JoJo-main: ,This animal is moving through the shadows!Pro: Thankful Death!Pesci: Wh-What the hell is that?!Pesci: I-It's a turtle? It's a friggin' turtle?!Pro: We found her! It's Trish!Pro: I can see the others, too!Pro: Just as I thought, they're all about to die of old age, except for Trish!Pro: That settles it!JoJo-main: ,I'll send even more of the aging ability into the turtle!Pro: Thankful Dead!Pesci: Wait a sec, Bro!Pesci: Isn't there... one guy missing?Pesci: There's someone missing in there!Five: Mista! Please get up!Five: This is all the ice I have left, but please feel better!Mista: I'm not sure if it's thanks to my attentive nature,Mista: or if I was just lucky...Mista: But because I put that piece of ice I'd picked up earlier into my hat...Mista: Number Five... It seems you were able to reverse the aging.Mista: Thanks for stopping those b*ll*ts for me... All three of them.Mista: Number Five... I have one more request...Five: If you want to send one of us to Bucciarati,JoJo-main: ,I already revived Number Six, and he went on ahead!Five: He took the ice in your pocket andJoJo-main: ,went to tell them that two enemies were heading for the turtle!Misa: That's perfect... I don't need the ice anymore...JoJo-main: ,after all...Five: Mista!Pesci: It's Bucciarati, Bro!Pesci: Bucciarati's the one missing!Pro: It doesn't matter if Bucciarati's in there or not!JoJo-main: ,All that matters is that we take Trish alive!Pro: Thankful Death!Pesci: What the hell?!Bruno: You're pretty intuitive... And fast, too.Bruno: I just have to defeat him, right?JoJo-main: ,The one in black!Six: That's right, Bucciarati!Six: If you defeat him, everyone's aging will be reversed!Pro: What the hell is Mista's Stand doing here?!Pro: I personally blasted three holes into his head...Pro: So why is that thing here with an ice cube?!Six: Don't let that thing touch you!Six: If it does, you'll age way, way faster!Six: Get 'em!Pro: H-He's fast...Pesci: Bro!Pro: Don't worry about me!JoJo-main: ,Deal with the guys in the turtle!Pro: Hurry it up! k*ll the rest of his crew!Pro: That was a little naïve, wasn't it, Bucciarati?Pro: After Mista went to all that trouble to warn you...Pro: Defeating me, even if it costs the lives of your crew, to protect the girl...Pro: Isn't that your mission?Pro: You fail as a capo. Take this!Pro: What?!Bruno: I will complete this mission,Bruno: and I will also protect my crew.Bruno: It won't be hard for me to do both if I'm only facing the likes of you.Pro: It's fast...Pro: It's definitely fast...Pro: Your... Zipper Man, was it?Pro: It's definitely faster...Pro: But you're the one who doesn't seem to understand speed, Bucciarati!Pro: I seem to be out of breath...Pro: But the same goes for you, Bucciarati.Pro: Since we used our Stands at full speed, we both used up a lot of energy.Pro: You didn't comprehend that and tried to go as fast as you could,Pro: even though you're still agingdespite standing still!Pro: The more horsepower a car has, the warmer it gets!Pro: That's because you're burning calories.JoJo-main: ,You're a smart guy, so I'm sure you can figure out...Pro: what'll happen when your body gets warmer!Six: B-Bucciarati!Six: Th-The ice is starting to lose its effect!Pro: So what are you going to do now, huh?Pro: This zipper you gave me is starting to close.Pro: The zipper on my chin is already gone.Pro: What's the matter?Pro: Exhausted from your stiff shoulders?bruno: Zipper Man!Pro: I can see your movements! You're too slow, Bucciarati!Pro: I've got you! Now you're all finished!Pro: And then we'll be taking the boss's daughter!Bruno: I was aware of what wouldhappen if my body warmed up.Bruno: I was also prepared to get caught.Bruno: I will complete this mission.JoJo-main: ,I will also protect my crew.Bruno: One of the hardest parts of being a capo is the fact that I have to do both.Bruno: Are you prepared?Bruno: I am.Pro: Wha—Pro: Y-You can't mean...Pro: You bastard! You can't be serious!Bruno: Doing both is simple,JoJo-main: ,if I can get you off this train.Bruno: If I can just undo the aging, my five subordinates will be back,Bruno: and we'll be able to protect Trish!Pro: You bastard! Y-You can't be serious! Let go!Pro: We're moving at  kilometers per hour!Bruno: Oh, come on, now. You're the one who grabbed me.Pro: Are you trying to die?! You bastard!
