04x37 - King of KingsQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 10:28King: If only... My daughter,King: if only you hadn't been born...King: Fear truly does come from the past.King: You have genuinely angered me!gio: What?Crunch,sfx: BooooomKing: You said you'd overcome this, did you not?King: You were right, Trish. Now you can surpass not only the past...King: but their heads.Dia: Trish!No_one_can_escap,Op subs: No one can escape the fate that was chosen for them.No_one_can_escap,Op subs: All that remains is the end, where you will all perish.No_one_can_escap,Op subs: Eternal greatness exists only within myself.No_one_can_escap,Op subs: Sing a song of sorrow in a world where time has vanished.JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio  King of KingsTrish: T-Trish!Five: No way! He...Two: He att*cked! He went through Trish's mind... and into himself!King: I guess I don't need this body anymore...King: or you.Dia: H-Her soul!Gio: It's moving away!Trish: Trish's soul is...Trish: disappearing into the sky!One: The arrow!King: The arrow belongs to me!King: It pierced me!King: The arrow's power... This gift given to me by fate!King: Now my Emperor Crimson will sit atop the world again!King: Did it pierce me?King: I-It didn't!King: Wh-What... Something is wrong!King: No... I can't even grasp it!King: E-Emperor Crimson's hand is translucent!King: And it's crumbling!King: What?!King: Th-This is...Mista: My soul is leaving her body...Gio: This wind is...King: I-It can't be!Bruno: Could it be that all you can predict, Boss,Bruno: are the movements of arrows and b*ll*ts?Bruno: You couldn't seem to predict what I was going to do.King: Y-You bastard...Bruno: You're the one who discovered the way to destroy Requiem.Bruno: This thing behind our heads...Bruno: Or rather, this thing that's behind every one of our souls.Bruno: It just needs to be destroyed.Bruno: You wanted to pick up the arrow, so you didn't completely k*ll Requiem,King: Don't... Don't, Bucciarati...Bruno: but if I completely destroy mine...Bruno: The ability of Requiem, the Stand that lost control, will disappear.King: Don't, Bucciarati!King: Look at me! Think about who's truly worthy!Gio: Bucciarati... Y-You're...King: Who is the king worthy of possessing this arrow?!King: Bucciarati! The weak are not worthy to possess the arrow!Bruno: All the souls that have been swapped...Bruno: will return to their original bodies!Mista: Trish's soul!b*llet: I-It's Trish!b*llet: Mista!b*llet: Everyone, look!b*llet: You did it, Bucciarati!b*llet: It was a close call, but she's returning!Bruno: I'm leaving the rest up to you, Giorno.Gio: B-Bucciarati...Gio: Y-Your body's back at the Colosseum.Gio: That body is—Bruno: Giorno, I was reborn.Bruno: When I met you back home in Naples...Bruno: When I betrayed the organization...Bruno: My soul had been fated to slowly die, but it was reborn...Bruno: Thanks to you.Bruno: This is what true happiness is.Bruno: This is how it should be. Don't worry.Bruno: Please give everyone my regards.King: How dare you?!King: All for a stupid little girl!King: You vile pukes that some loser spewed into a toilet!King: Who do you think I am?!King: I, Diavolo, shall be the one to possess the arrow!Mista: W-We did it...Mista: Way to go, Bucciarati...Mista: That was a close one...Mista: but Trish will be okay now.Mista: Giorno... You need to heal us.Mista: Bucciarati's still at the Colosseum, but I'm sure he'll be here in no time...Mista: Right?Bruno: Don't worry about it, Giorno.Bruno: I'm only going back to where I was supposed to go.Bruno: I'm simply returning to how I once was...Bruno: That's all...Sign: Jean Pierre PolnareffSign: Chariot RequiemGuy: Benedict!Diavolo: I don't remember who said it, but...Diavolo: "We are all soldiers chosen by fate."Dia: But there are truths I've learned from this world, as well.Dia: Fate has given me the ability to make time skip, and to predict the future.Dia: There's no doubt about it. That's the undeniable truth.Dia: The fate of this worldDia: was supposed to have chosen my Emperor Crimson to stand invincible at the top.Dia: I am no soldier.Dia: Damn it!Dia: And despite that, somehow... that arrow is not in my hands!Dia: How dare you?!Dia: There's no way...Dia: There's no way that I, Diavolo, would lose like this!Dia: I need to retreat for now.Dia: I need to hide from the arrow and await  the ideal moment for my counterattack!Dia: Retreating here is not admitting defeat.Dia: I have the ability to take myself back to the top!Trish: Don't let him get away, Giorno...Trish: No matter... what you do...Trish: If he gets away, he'll go into hiding.Trish: He's planning to run away, Giorno...Trish: I just felt it... He took a step back!Dia: Wha—Mista: He's holding the arrow!Mista: The one who will control the arrow after Requiem...Mista: is Giorno!Dia: It's no use... There's no way I can escape from here after all!Dia: I'll lose my pride if I flee from them.Dia: I am a king!Dia: My only goal is to remain at the top!Dia: If I flee now, my pride will be lost!Dia: There is... no next time!Mista: He's not running away!Mista: He's coming this way,Mista: despite how pointless that is!Gio: Golden Wind!Trish: He did it!Trish: The one who will go beyond the power of that arrow is Giorno's Golden Wind!Dia: No! You're wrong!Dia: I thank you, my daughter!Dia: Because of your insulting claim that I was going to run,Dia: I was able to keep my pride!Dia: Thank goodness I didn't retreat.Dia: If I had fled, I wouldn't have seen this premonition.Dia: This unexpected premonition from Emperor Crimson Eulogy!Gio: Golden Wind!Trish: He did it!Trish: The one who will go beyond the power of that arrow is Giorno's Golden Wind!Trish: B-But why?Trish: It went through him... but the arrow's on the ground.Dia: I'm so glad I didn't run away. So very glad!Dia: To be honest, my heart was filled with despair.Dia: If my daughter hadn't ridiculed me,Dia: I wouldn't have decided to advance on you.Dia: And because of that,Dia: I saw a premonition of the arrow falling to the ground!Dia: Giorno Giovanna... You weak little newcomer...Dia: This means that you weren't a suitable vessel.Dia: He's already disappeared, but remember what Polnareff said?Dia: The arrow decides who is worthy to wield it.Dia: I know I'm repeating myself, but I'm truly glad I didn't run away.Dia: You've been rejected by the arrow!Mista: Giorno, run!Dia: You're finished!Dia: I, Diavolo, will be king, just like I've always been!Mista: G-Giorno!Trish: Mista, wait!Trish: The thing that's peeking through the cr*ck...Trish: Could that be...Dia: Th-That's...Dia: What am I looking at right now?Dia: I cracked his head open!Dia: Shouldn't I be seeing his brains spilling out right about now?Dia: What came out wasn't brains...Dia: Th-This can't be!Dia: And the arrow's being sucked into his arm!Dia: The arrow—Dia: sh*t! You're finished, Giorno Giovanna!Mista: Th-That's...Trish: Giorno wasn't rejected.Trish: He wasn't cast aside by the arrow because he was unworthy!Trish: No... In fact...Trish: The arrow is forever Giorno's!Trish: The boss can never have that arrow now!Dia: Am I looking at reality?Dia: I must be seeing some kind of mistake.Dia: I should be looking at Giorno's corpse, with his head cracked open!Dia: This cannot be reality!Mista: It's Requiem...Trish: That's Giorno's Requiem...Trish: Golden Wind Requiem!Trish: Golden Wind has gone beyond the power of the arrow!Dia: What?!Gio: The only thing that will survive is the truth of this world.Gio: Righteous actions born of truth shall never be destroyed.Gio: My friends may have perished,Gio: but their actions and wills have not been destroyed.Gio: They handed this arrow to me.Gio: So, are your actions born of truth,Gio: or are they merely superficial, born of evil?Gio: We're about to find out.Gio: Can you avoid destruction, Boss?Mista: Wh-What's going on? What's about to happen?Mista: Don't tell me our souls are going to be swapped again!Trish: I don't know... No one does.Trish: Giorno probably doesn't, either.Trish: But given what just happened, I know that Giorno has complete control of Requiem!Trish: It hasn't gone berserk!Dia: I couldn't see it... I couldn't see the moment he att*cked!Dia: But I was able to predict that att*ck.Dia: The reason it didn't fully hit me is becauseDia: I was able to predict the hole appearing in my hand!Dia: I can dodge his att*cks, though just barely.Dia: It's true that this Golden Wind's att*ck yielded tremendous power...Dia: But... that's all it's worth.Dia: It merely powered up.Dia: It's a thr*at, but I can still predict it!Dia: This is not something I can't overcome!Dia: Fate has chosen me as the one to stand at the top!Dia: I am the king who has overcome all threats!Dia: Don't talk to me like you have any idea what's going on, Giorno Giovanna!Dia: I won't even give you the chance to regret your death!Dia: Emperor Crimson!Dia: Time shall be eliminated for everyone but myself!Dia: I can see it... I can see his Stand's movements!Dia: I can perfectly see what it's trying to do!Dia: I can estimate what these pieces of trash are going to do!Dia: That should fully stop Golden Wind's movements!Dia: Even after time starts moving again in a few seconds,Dia: your eyes will never be able to see myself or Emperor Crimson again!Dia: The pinnacle of truth lies within my abilities!Dia: Yes! I've won!Dia: I'm just a moment quicker!Dia: I've completely ripped out his heart in my premonition!Dia: The future has chosen the actions of my Emperor Crimson!Dia: This is the end!Dia: Wha—Dia: What?Dia: Don't tell me this is...Dia: Is the time that I disposed of reversing... because of Requiem?!Dia: N-No! Everything is returning to normal!Dia: But my premonition still favors me!Dia: Take this, Giorno Giovanna!Dia: Wha—Dia: Wha—Dia: Wha—Dia: Wha—Dia: Wha—Dia: Wha—Dia: Wha—Dia: Wha—Dia: Wha—Dia: Wha—Dia: What is this?Dia: What am I seeing?Dia: A-Am I dreaming?Dia: Am I witnessing some kind of illusion?Dia: No... that can't be true.Dia: The only one who can move within the time I've disposed of is me!GW: This is... Requiem.Gw: What you're seeing is indeed the truth.Gw: You are seeing the movements created by your abilities,Gw: but you will never arrive at the truth that's going to happen.Gw: None who stand before me shall ever get there,Gw: regardless of their abilities.Gw: This is the power of Golden Wind Requiem.Gw: This is unknown even to Giorno Giovanna, who controls me.Dia: Giorno Giovanna!Dia: I won't even give you the chance to regret your death!Dia: What am I saying?Dia: I-I...Dia: haven't moved at all from the start!Dia: Th-This premonition that I had... It's the truth that's going to happen!Dia: My invincible Emperor Crimson should be heading toward victory!Gw: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!Gw: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!Gw: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!Gw: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!
