04x01 - Gold Experience / Golden WindQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 09:08Guy: Hey, mister! This is the best deal you're going to find in town!Guy : That's exactly what the other guy said.Guy: Then as a bonus, I'll give you a tour of the city!Guy : Seriously?Girl: Hilarious!Girl: Huh? What?Guy : What's wrong?Girl: My bag is gone!Guy : What?Guy: Here you go.Cop: So, any changes lately?Guy: Not at all, thanks to you.Cop: I see.Cop: Sorry to bother you.Guy: This is what you want, right?Kid: Yeah!Kid: Oh, but this is all I have right now.Guy: Then this is all I can sell you.Nar: Naples: a city located in southern Italy.Nar: It's a famous tourist spot so beautiful thatJoJo-internal/narrator: ,people say you should see it at least once before you die.Girls: Pardon us.Girl: How do you get to Santa Chiara?Gio: Oh, to get to Santa Chiara, go straight, and then, at the first light—Girl: See? I told you!Girl: I told you it was over there.Girl : My bad...Girl : Thanks so mu—Gio: Whoa, there.Gio: Are you all right?Girl : Th-Thank you...Girl : Um, I'm sorry about that.Guy: Be more careful.Girl : Let's go.Gio: Hey.Gio: You dropped this.Girl : Thank you so much!Gio: No problem.Guy: Hey, wasn't that guy super cool?Girl : I should've asked for a picture.Girl : Did those just come out of my bag?Girl: What? They probably just landed on it for a second.Girl : Yeah, you're right.Gio: You can't let your guard down in this city.Gio: Pardon me.Gio: Could I get a cone with a scoop of chocolate and a scoop of pistachio?Gio: Make that two.Guy: You got it.JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio    Golden WindGuy: Hey! How many times do I have to tell youJoJo-top: ,that you can't run your business here without a license?Guy: Move your car!Guy: Honestly...Cop: You only moved one car length away!Creep: So, whaddya say? It's faster than lining up.Guy: What do you think?driver: I'll get you into the city real cheap.Luca: Really? How cheap?Creep: L-Luca!Luca: Didn't I tell you that you need to payJoJo-main: ,the protection fees you owe me before doing any more business?driver: You can't be serious!Luca: I told you that you need to pay the protection fees you owe meJoJo-main: ,before doing any more business, right?Driver: But...Luca: Right?!Driver: But I have a family...Driver: P-Please stop!Luca: You should think more about your friendship with me than your family...Luca: Got it?Driver: I'm not the only one ignoring you to keep doing business!Luca: Well, who?Luca: Who is it?Driver: I-It's Giorno! Giorno Giovanna!Luca: Giorno?Driver: That kid's been making a fortune lately!Luca: Giorno?Luda: Well, I'll deal with him later.Guy: Hey, you!Guy: You can't run your business here without a license!Guy: Go somewhere else!Giorno: Buon giorno!Kochi: I'm finally here!Koichi: That flight was so long!Koichi: The air sure is different here!Koichi: Now, then, time to get to work.Koichi: Haruno Shiobana... That's an unusual name.Koichi: First, I need to get to my hotel.Koichi: I want to dump my luggage so I can move around a bit more freely.Kochi: Let's see... Where's the taxi pick-up...Cop : Whoa, that's amazing!Cop : I know, right? That trick is amazing!Cop : This shouldn't be possible!Cop : How are you even doing that?Cop : That's so gross!Cop : How'd you stuff your whole ear into your head?Cop : Man, that was entertaining!Giorno: Thanks.Cop : Don't attract too much attention with your job here.Giorno: Looking for a taxi?Koichi: No, n-not really...Giorno: You sure?Giorno: I'm just finishing up my part-time job and about to head home, so I'll make it cheap.Giorno: How about , lire to get you into the city?Koichi: ,? That's... about , yen.Kochi: That's way too expensive!JoJo-main: ,The basic rate is about half that!Giorno: Wow, you speak the language perfectly.Koichi: Huh?Giorno: Did you used to live in Italy?Koichi: No, I just had Rohan-sensei make it so I could speak... Never mind that!Koichi: M-More importantly, you're saying you'll drive?Koichi: You look like you're only in middle school or high school.Koichi: And I saw you give the security guys something.Koichi: I'm pretty sure I saw some money. What's that about?Giorno: Come on, now. You don't need to worry about those things.giorno: Okay, how about for , lire?Giorno: I won't even ask for a tip.JoJo-main: ,I'll take you into the city for exactly ,.Koichi: Huh? , would be about...  yen?!Koichi: No, it's okay.JoJo-main: ,I'll just wait at the taxi pick-up...Giorno: Are you sure?Koichi: You'll really only charge ,?Giorno: Yup.JoJo-main: ,But you'll have to load your luggage on your own.Giorno: Since I'm not asking for a tip.Giorno: Put your luggage up front. You can sit in the back.Koichi: Just so you know,JoJo-main: ,you'd better not think of me as some Japanese tourist who's not used to traveling.Koichi: Just get me to my hotel in earnest.Giorno: Yes. I'll get you there in earnest.Giorno: Or should I say... I'll get your empty luggage there.Koichi: Huh? Wait... I didn't even get in yet...Cop: Keep your mouth shut!Koichi: Don't tell me...Koichi: Hold it!Giorno: Ciao!Koichi: Reverb Act !Koichi: Too bad for you...Koichi: Didn't I tell you not to underestimate me?Koichi: You can run if you want.JoJo-main: ,As long as my luggage is safe, I don't care.Cop: Look at that! Giorno actually screwed up!Cop : That's what he gets for trying to trickJoJo-main: ,a Japanese tourist when he's half Japanese himself!Cop : Though people would never be able to tell he's Japanese,JoJo-main: ,with that hair color and a name like Giorno Giovanna.Koichi: It couldn't be...Koichi: Huh? It's gone! How?!Koichi: Is this some kind of egg?Koichi: I-Is it a Stand?! But that's impossible!Koichi: Would one show up the second I get to Italy?!Koichi: That's not a Stand! The way that frog felt...Koichi: It's actually alive!Koichi: But seriously, how'd my suitcase disappear?!Koichi: He didn't have any time to hide it!Koichi: This is horrible!Koichi: This is only a hunch, but...Koichi: Excuse me!Koichi: Could I ask you some questions about that taxi driver?Giorno: I think it's about time...Luca: Are you Giorno Giovanna?Luca: This is the first time we're meeting.JoJo-main: ,Do you know who I am, Giorno?Giorno: Leaky Eye Luca.Giorno: I heard thatJoJo-main: ,even after someone stabbed a Kn*fe deep into your face, you didn't stop fighting.Giorno: And because of that,JoJo-main: ,even though your wound has healed, your eye is always watering.Luca: Hey, why don't you have a seat right here?Luca: Come on, sit down.Luca: It's tiring having to look up at you to talk.Luca: How old are you?Giorno: Fifteen.Luca: Fifteen?! Wow, you're just a kid!Luca: Say, Giorno, there are three "yous" to remember in friendship.Luca: Three "yous," got that?Luca: The first one is you don't lie.Luca: The second one is you don't hold grudges.Luca: And the third is you respect the other.Luca: Sounds good, right? Those are the three "yous" of friendship.Giorno: Can I help you?Luca: I'm the one talking right now!JoJo-main: ,Who said you could ask questions, you dumbass?!Luca: I heard you've been working part-time around the airport...Luca: I, Leaky Eye Luca, haven't receivedJoJo-main: ,any of the gifts that you should've given me out of respect yet.Luca: How do you expect our friendship to last like that?Luca: Let me take a peek at your wallet.Giorno: Luca.Giorno: I already paid my protection fees. I don't have any money.Luca: To the security guards?!JoJo-main: ,That has nothing to do with me!Luca: What's this? A photo of a family member?Luca: Where's my money?JoJo-main: ,I want the money! Show me your wallet!Giorno: Luca...Giorno: Don't make me say the same thing twice.Giorno: I told you, I already paid, so I don't have any.Giorno: Don't make me say it a third time.Luca: You little sh*t!Luca: What the hell is that creature?Giorno: It came back.Luca: Smack it off!Giorno: This frog has nothing to do with this.JoJo-main: ,I won't smack it off.Luca: I gave you an order, and I told you to pay me a protection fee!Luca: So you're going to disobey both of those?Luca: You're going to tell me, Leaky Eye Luca, "no" to both of those things?!Giorno: This is a living creature that has its own conscience,JoJo-main: ,and it's thinking on its own.Giorno: You really shouldn't.Luca: You're... You're...Giorno: I could never just smack it off.Giorno: Don't! It's harmless as long as you don't do anything!Luca: You're finished!Whack,Sfx: WhackGiorno: I told you not to.JoJo-main: ,It's not even that loyal to me yet.Giorno: It's just trying to protect itself. It has its own life.Giorno: Any att*ck on it becomes an att*ck on oneself, and it's fatal.Giorno: And...JoJo-main: ,I asked you not to make me say it a third time.Giorno: Making me say the same thing over and over againGiorno: is useless.Giorno: And I hate that because it's useless.Giorno: Totally useless.Koichi: A piece of this guy's skin?Jotaro: Yeah. I want you to get a sample of it and send it to me, Koichi,Jotaro: so the Speedwagon Foundation can check its composition.Koichi: Its composition? Who is this guy?Jotaro: His father, who d*ed, was a bit special.JoJo-flashback: ,That's why we want to investigate.Jotaro: It can be thin. I just need you to get me a piece.Jotaro: That's it.Koichi: I see...Jotaro: I'll cover all your expenses for this trip.Koichi: What?! All of them?Koichi: Hmm...Koichi: I'm sorry if this sounds rude, but this guy sort of looks like you, Jotaro.Koichi: The address on this picture is somewhere around here...Koichi: How careless.Guy: You don't need to worry about them.Guy: No one around here is dumb enough to try and steal their briefcase.Koichi: Oh... I guess this is a nice neighborhood.Girl: Hey, can I sit next to you?Guy: Would you like to come in for a meal, sir?Girl : No, I'm going to sit next to him!Koichi: N-No, it's okay!Girl : Hey, Giorno! Have some tea with me!Girl: What? Wait, I'll pay for you!Giorno: You guys are too loud.Girl : No, me! Me!Giorno: I like being alone. Go away.Girls: Fine...Girl: See you tomorrow, Giorno!Girls: Ciao!Koichi: Th-That's—Koichi: Hey! Whose money is that?! Are you using my money?!Giorno: You?! How'd you know I was here?Koichi: Give me back my passport! Where's my luggage?!Giorno: It hurts me to say this,Giorno: but they're gone. I sold them off, unfortunately.Giorno: So stop following me.Koichi: You're not getting away this time!Giorno: What's with this weight?Giorno: Wait... So that wasn't a malfunction earlier?Giorno: Don't tell me... he has the same kind of powers as me...Koichi: What did you just say?Giorno: It's heavy!Giorno: Golden Wind!Giorno: Life, spring forth!Giorno: Bring forth new life!Koichi: I think I just caught a glimpse of something.Koichi: Act !Act: That bastard disappeared.Koichi: That's impossible!JoJo-main: ,There's no way he'd be able to escape  Freeze's range that easily!Giorno: I'll say this one more time. Don't even think about coming after me.Giorno: I hate saying things twice when I shouldn't have to.Giorno: Because it's useless to say it twice.Giorno: I'll say this for your own good.JoJo-main: ,You shouldn't do things that are useless.Koichi: Knock him down, Act !Koichi: Th-The att*ck on the tree came back to me...Giorno: I took something of yours,Giorno: but I can tell you held back when you were trying to hit me,JoJo-main: ,when I see what that damage has done to you.Giorno: You're a good person.Koichi: There's no doubt about it.Giorno Giovanna...Koichi: He's a Stand user!Sign: Giorno GiovannaSign: Golden WindJotaro: Hello?Koichi: Jotaro, it's me, Koichi!Jotaro: Oh, Koichi. Did you get to Italy?Koichi: I found him!JoJo-internal/narrator: ,The guy you asked me to find! Haruno Shiobana!Jotaro: That was fast.Koichi: Where do I even begin?JoJo-main: ,I immediately ran into him at the airport...Koichi: And, yes, it's safe to say...Koichi: He's a Stand user!Koichi: He goes by the name Giorno Giovanna in Italy.Koichi: You mentioned before thatKoichi: Stand users are drawn to other Stand users, right?Koichi: We seriously met by coincidence!Koichi: He's a student, but he acts like a delinquent.JoJo-main: ,He stole my money and my luggage!Koichi: And it appears his Stand's ability isJoJo-internal/narrator: ,returning his opponent'sattack right back at them.Jotaro: Sorry about all this.JoJo-main: ,I'll get you a hotel and wire you some money.Koichi: Thank you.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Also, his hair was blond, unlike in the picture.Koichi: After asking some people who knew him about it,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,they said that he didn't dye it. It just suddenly turned that color.Koichi: Something about his dead father's genes.Koichi: Who's his father?Koichi: Are you and his father somehow related?jotaro: I'm the onejotaro: who k*lled his father.Jotaro: His name is DIO Brando.Koichi: DIO?Koichi: You mean the one involved with the bow and arrow?Glob: ,s*abJotaro: I found out this year that DIO may have had a child.Jotaro: That's why I wanted to find out for sureJotaro: if Giorno Giovanna was really DIO's child, and if he's somehow inherited his body.Koichi: But doesn't DIO's body belong to the Joestar bloodline?Jotaro: The fact that his hair turned blond may be a sign thatJotaro: the DIO blood in him, his Stand power, recently awakened.Jotaro: There might have been a trigger...JoJo-main: ,like a powerful Stand user being in that city.Koichi: A powerful Stand user?Jotaro: Don't go near him anymore.Jotaro: It's dangerous to take this further.Jotaro: Understand?Koichi: Just one last question...Koichi: Is he our enemy?Koichi: Or is he a friend?Jotaro: What do you think?Jotaro: You're the one who actually met him.Jotaro: What was your impression of him?Koichi: I'm not sure.Koichi: But, um...Koichi: He seemed like a very eloquent person.Bruno: Did you drop this?Giorno: No.Bruno: I see.Bruno: Guess it's mine now.Bruno: Let's say you found a bag with , lire inside.Bruno: would you take it to the authorities?Giorno: No way. I'd totally take it.Bruno: Well, aren't you honest?Bruno: But what if I was a plainclothes police officer and saw you take it?Giorno: I'd give you half and have you look the other way... probably.Bruno: Wow, that's great!Bruno: And I'm sure that's actually what you'd do.Bruno: You're not kidding or bluffing.Bruno: I can tell! You're telling the truth.Bruno: You see... I can tell if people are telling the truth or not.Bruno: I'm almost certain.Bruno: You know how your skin gets shiny when you sweat?Bruno: That's how I can tell.Bruno: I think I'll have an even better idea if I taste your sweat.Giorno: Who are you?Bruno: Leaky Eye Luca was found on the ground near the airport after havingJoJo-main: ,his own spade buried in the back of his head.Bruno: It's a rather serious injury. He won't be regaining consciousness.Bruno: I'm trying to find out who's responsible.Bruno: Giorno Giovanna, no one knows why Leaky Eye Luca was at the airport.Bruno: But the airport security guardsJoJo-main: ,let me know that you were at the airport.Bruno: That's why I figured I'd come see you and ask you some questions.Giorno: Are you actually a police officer?Bruno: Of course not.Bruno: Luca's no ordinary crook. He's a g*ng member.JoJo-main: ,There are plenty of reasons he might've been taken out.Bruno: He knew how to get people to hate him.Bruno: But that's not what his boss is thinking about.Bruno: The boss feels like his name wasJoJo-main: ,personally tarnished since one of his own was taken out.Bruno: That's why he told me to find out who took him out and settle the score.Bruno: I'm asking you...JoJo-main: ,Did you happen to run into Leaky Eye Luca at the airport?Giorno: No. I don't know who you're talking about.Bruno: You're not sweating.JoJo-main: ,All right, I'll believe you.Bruno: That does it for my questions.JoJo-main: ,Sorry to have bothered you, Giorno Giovanna.Giorno: What is that?JoJo-main: ,My hand was clenched the whole time.Bruno: That's Luca's right eye.Bruno: He's unconscious anyway, so I just brought it.Bruno: This taste... is the taste of someone who's lying, Giorno Giovanna!Bruno: Well, well, well, well...Bruno: I said I was done with my questions,Bruno: but the situation seems to have changed, Giorno Giovanna.Bruno: You told me a lie.JoJo-main: ,And now, I'm going to have to find out why you lied to me, aren't I?!Bruno: What are you looking at?JoJo-main: ,Are you jealous?JoJo-main: ,Did you want to hit him, too?Bruno: My name is Bruno Bucciarati.Bruno: Answer me.JoJo-main: ,Your questioning has already turned into t*rture.Bruno: Well? This is a pretty creepy ability, isn't it?Giorno: Th-That's...Bruno: Those are Luca's fingers.Bruno: To tell you the truth...JoJo-main: ,Leaky Eye Luca was disposed of by our boss.Bruno: He said that there's no point in him living anymore.Bruno: I took his fingers for torturing.Giorno: It's happening again! What the hell?Giorno: Is he also like that Japanese tourist?Bruno: Other than being able to tell if people are lying or not, I can also do this...Bruno: I can put whatever I want in your mouth.Bruno: For example...Bruno: I can even put that fire extinguisher in your mouth.Bruno: Though I'm afraid you'd die if I did that...Bruno: Talk!Bruno: You know who's responsible.Bruno: Were you told not to tell anyone?Bruno: Let's have you tell me who did Luca in.Giorno: There's no doubt about it... He has a similar ability!Bruno: If you don't hurry up and tell me, your t*rture is just going to get worse,Bruno: Giorno Giovanna!Giorno: This guy's bad news!Giorno: In that case...Giorno: I'll have to use Golden Wind and dodge his att*cks!
