04x08 - Sex Pistols Appears, Part 2 / Six b*ll*ts Appears, Part 2QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 09:19Gio: All we need is someone to head to the island first and get rid of the guy.Mista: It's perfect for situations like this.Mista: I'll be going, too.Gio: Mista! He's already on the radio!Six: sh**t!Bazoo,Sfx: BazooMista: Damn it! This isn't good!Mista: It'll be bad news if this truck gets away right now.JoJo-EpTitle,Mista: Episode  Six b*ll*ts Appears, Part Nar: Guido Mista's way of life ever sinceJoJo-internal/narrator: ,he was little was to live it as simply as possible.Nar: He loved to sleep and found joy in looking at branchesJoJo-internal/narrator: ,in the morning sun, watching the clouds go by,Nar: the scent of wine, and having a bite of cheese.Nar: Whenever he spotted cute girls,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,he would talk to them, even if they sh*t him down.Nar: If he ran out of money,Nar: he would jump any jerk badmouthing movie starsNar: in front of the cinema and take their money.Nar: At times, he'd get his ass whooped so badly that the police had to intervene,Nar: but Mista lived a very happy life nonetheless.Nar: Being simpleminded could be taken as an insult,Nar: but Mista always felt thatJoJo-internal/narrator: ,overthinking things invited fear into one's heart, which was bad.Nar: When Mista turned , he learned from a certain incidentNar: that people have pre-determined destinies.Nar: When they're young, people may find themselvesJoJo-internal/narrator: ,at a standstill or taking the long way around at times,Nar: but they ultimately end up traveling the path they were destined to walk.Nar: On a clear summer night, Mista was wandering around like he usually did.Girl: Mista!Mista: Hey, wanna go have some fun?Girl: Sorry, we have plans.Girl: Ciao!Mista: Sure.Lady: No! Let go of me!Thug: Shut your mouth! There's no point in resisting!Thug: Shut up! Quit your screaming!Nar: The woman being punched in the parked car was half-naked.Nar: She was bleeding from her nose and mouth, and about to lose consciousness.Nar: For a moment, Mista hesitated to get involved, but...Thug: Y-You bastard!Nar: Because he's so simpleminded, his body acted on its own.Thug : You bastard! What do you think you're doing to our bro?!Thug: You little sh*t!Nar: No matter how close you may be, there is no guaranteeNar: you'll hit your target just because you pulled the trigger.Nar: When you're panicked or in a hurry,Nar: you end up pulling the trigger even if your g*n isn't facing your target.Nar: Both of the sh*ts the hooligan firedNar: went under Mista's arm and disappeared into the darkness.Thug: The hell?!Thug: S-Stay back! You hear me?!Nar: Three, four, five, six sh*ts!Nar: Unbelievably, they all faded into the darkness.Nar: Then his panicked friends started sh**ting.Nar: At this point, this is nothing short of a miracle,Nar: but not a single sh*t hit Mista.Nar: Meanwhile, Mista was astonished at his own state of quiet concentration.Thug: What the hell's going on?Thug: Wh-Who is this guy?!Thug: Bro!Thug: Wh-What are you—Nar: After stealing one of the g*ns and some b*ll*ts,Nar: Mista calmly loaded the cylinder,Nar: and pulled the trigger as calmly as a nurse inserting a sh*tNar: into a patient's arm.Nar: He pointed the g*n at their faces and sh*t four perfect sh*ts.Nar: Of course, this was his first time k*lling someone,Nar: but he didn't hesitate or feel any remorse.Nar: In a helpless situation, Mista made the decision to cut through the shadows.Mista: Eat lead!Mista: The driver of the truck must be its owner,Mista: because...JoJo-main: ,his right leg isn't injured.Mista: I wasn't planning to k*ll you, but...Sale: O-Ow!Sale: Damn it! You sh*t me twice, you piece of sh*t!Mista: Quit moving! I'm going to aim properly this time, damn it!Mista: How could I say something so lame?!Mista: That's not what I meant!Mista: I was supposed to ask how that bastard didn't dieMista: after I sh*t him in the head!Mista: Did the b*llet just happen to miss his brain?Sale: That was so charming of you, Mista.Sale: Your name is Mista, isn't it?Sale: I heard that you have even more friends on Capri,JoJo-main: ,but you're the only one who's seen my face.Sale: Isn't that right, Mista?Sale: After that little trap you set for me with the radio,Sale: I wound up getting sh*t twice in that surprise att*ck,Sale: but if I face you head-on with my Stand, Arts & Crafts,Sale: I can easily deflect a b*llet from a puny little p*stol.Sale: By the way, I was a bit too busy to count,Sale: but how many b*ll*ts was that in all, huh?Sale: You fired four on this truck...Sale: And I'm pretty sure you fired two back at the watchhouse in Marina Grande.Sale: Right? I counted correctly, didn't I, Mista?Sale: Now I can get close enough to b*at the sh*t out of you safely, right?Mista: sh*t. I need to reload!Mista: Wh-What the?!Mista: Y-You're kidding me!My left hand won't let go!Mista: Whoa!Mista: Hey! How long are you gonna keep driving?! Stop the damn truck, you dumbass!Guy: Yeah... Someone stop it, please.Guy: Someone stop this truck! This thing is...Sale: Think about it for a sec.JoJo-main: ,Why was I nice enough to let you know that you were out of b*ll*ts?Sale: Did you think it was because I'm a nice guy?Sale: Mista...JoJo-main: ,I only told you because I knew you could no longer escape from this truck.Sale: The driver also can't let up on the gas pedal,Sale: nor can he let go of the steering wheel.Sale: I told you because you won't be able to reloadJoJo-main: ,with your left hand stuck to the truck.Mista: Those are the b*ll*ts that the bastard's Stand deflected.Mista: They've stopped in mid-air, like they're fixed in placeJoJo-internal/narrator: ,and moving in conjunction with the truck.Mista: Fixed in place...Mista: He must've used his ability to affix the b*ll*ts into place mid-air,Mista: and to affix the driver and me onto this truck.Mista: His ability is to fix something he's touched into place.Mista: The b*llet I sh*t at him was also affixed to his skin at the opening of the woundMista: and hasn't actually penetrated his head. That's why he hasn't d*ed!Sale: To tell you the truth, Mista,Sale: I'm ecstatic that you att*cked me.Sale: So much that I'm willing to forget the fact that you sh*t a b*llet at my head.Sale: I mean, it was up in the air if Polpo's fortune actually existed or not.Sale: It's just a rumor among some thugs, after all.Sale: But the fact that you att*cked me means it actually exists!Sale: I'm overflowing with hope and motivation! All right!Sale: I can passionately steal the ten billion from that bastard Bucciarati!Sale: I told you it would be easy for my Stand to deflect your b*ll*ts!b*ll*ts: Yee-haw!Sale: Wh-What?! Another b*llet showed up from the shadows?Sale: He fired two b*ll*ts in a single sh*t?Sale: Is that Mista's Stand?Sale: But...Sale: I can still deflect it somewhat!b*ll*ts: Hell yeah!Mista: Well done, Six b*ll*ts Number  and Number !Mista: And now that we've thrown you from the truck,Mista: there's nothing more to worry about!Sale: Ow! You sh*t me again, you bastard!Sale: But... you're not getting away.Sale: This is for ten billion! You're not getting away!Mista: There is a way to defeat him.Mista: But he's strong... That's a fact.Mista: Will I be able to do it?Sign top: SaleSign bot: Arts & CraftsGiorno: Blood...Gio: A vehicle...Gio: The enemy and Mista are in a car, heading toward the top of the island.Gio: Will I be able to catch up with them?Gio: Either way, I need to find a car to chase them in.Mista: Four b*ll*ts?Mista: What the hell's going on?JoJo-main: ,I only have four b*ll*ts!Mista: Why do I only have four left? Seriously!One: Mista, it's because you dropped some b*ll*ts!b*llet: You dropped them, dummy!b*llet: Four is unlucky.Five: Don't put all four in there. It'll just be bad luck.Guy: I-I can take my hands off the wheel!JoJo-main: ,Yes! My feet can move, too!Guy: Now I can finally stop!Mista: Don't you dare stop!Guy: Huh? B-But you told me to stop the truck earlier!Mista: And what I'm saying right now is more correct, at least when I'm talking to you.Mista: Listen up. I want to go back to Marina Grande.Mista: My buddy's back at the marina.JoJo-main: ,There has to be another way back there.Mista: I won't harm you. I'll even thank you if you take me back.Mista: Got it?!Mista: That bastard stops the b*ll*ts at the surface of his skin so they don't penetrate his body.Mista: The ability to fix things in place...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,How am I supposed to b*at him?Mista: If I can just sh**t into his mouth...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,The inside of his body should be defenseless.Mista: He might actually die.Mista: But I only have four b*ll*ts left.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Damn it, talk about unlucky!Mista: Three would've been much better.Mista: Now that I've seen his face and know who he is, I don't need to do anything dangerous.Mista: It'd be much safer to meet back up with Giorno at the marina.Mista: I have extra b*ll*ts with the rest of my things, too.Mista: Th-That bastard!Mista: Impossible! He scaled the cliff already?!Mista: Hey, stop the truck!Guy: Huh? Now what?Mista: Stop the truck, I said!Mista: Hurry it up!Guy: Th-That's the guy from earlier!Sale: Mista...JoJo-main: ,There's no way in hell I'm going to let you tell your buddies who I am!Sale: I'm not letting you get away, Mista!Mista: He can affix rocks in the air, just like the b*ll*ts?Mista: He climbed up here like he was using a ladder?Mista: Why the hell did you stop the truck, you dumbass?!Guy: Huh?Mista: Drive!Guy: Huh? Wait, what?Mista: Full speed ahead! You'll be sorry if you stop!Mista: If you want to settle things right here, right now...Mista: Let's do this!Mista: Driver, don't you dare stop the truck!Sale: Just gotta tap it slightly with my finger...Sale: Even if it's just slightly, if I tap it over and over,Sale: it'll just keep building up force in the place where it's affixed.Sale: I can't hit it too hard.Sale: It'll throw off my aim, and my enemy will figure out which way it's going to fly.Sale: And then... I let it loose!Bam,Sfx: BamMista: What?!Sale: It came back to you, Mista.Sale: Those three Stands of yours that you just fired lost control and flew off.Sale: Just a little at a time...JoJo-main: ,You just keep tapping it with just a little bit of force.Sale: Just like tapping an SOS in Morse code.Sale: The aim's not perfect, so I can't use it on things that move around too much,Sale: but I can definitely use it on you right now!Mista: Th-This really sucks...Mista: Talk about bad luck.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Four is always the absolute worst for me.Mista: Ever since I was a kid...Mista: There are just some misfortunes you can't see.Mista: Still, other than that, it's a good number.Mista: I only have one b*llet left, but this means the worst is over, right?Mista: Now the number's one, damn it!Seven: Number ! Number ! Group up!Seven: We're all gonna group up on this last sh*t!Seven: This is the the last of them, so give it your all!All: Yeah!Sale: Stay put, Mista!JoJo-main: ,Don't you try to sh**t me again, you dumbass!Sale: Just look at this distance! No matter what abilities your Stand uses on the b*ll*ts,Sale: or how many you fire,I clearly have the upper hand.JoJo-main: ,I have plenty of time to defend myself!Sale: You've realized by now that it's impossible to b*at me, haven't you, Mista?Mista: If I told you...Mista: that I only have one b*llet left in this chamber, would you believe me?Mista: I'm telling you the truth.JoJo-main: ,I only have one b*llet left.Mista: If I sh**t it and you somehow manage to deflect it,Mista: I'll be out of b*ll*ts.Mista: You'll find out anyway, so I might as well tell you now.Mista: If I miss this last sh*t, you'll see that I'm out of b*ll*ts!Mista: Though messing up is hypothetical right now...Mista: I'm definitely going to sh**t you with this one, final b*llet!Sale: What are you pointlessly rambling on about, Mista?Sale: It doesn't matter to me how many b*ll*ts you have left.Sale: Whether you fire a single b*llet or a hundred, you can't defeat me!Mista: It's not pointless at all.Mista: You're definitely going to let your guard downJoJo-main: ,now that you know I only have one b*llet left.Sale: This is pointless.Five: He's gonna use his Stand!Seven: Leave it to me!Seven: Let's go! We only have one target!JoJo-main: ,Give it your all!Sale: You're aiming for the inside of my mouth.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Am I wrong?Five: He opened his mouth on his own!Six: He's not going to defend himself!Seven: We'll just have to charge right in!Sale: I knew it.Sale: Ow!Sale: I knew you were aiming there...Sale: At the inside of my mouth!Sale: That's what any normal person would think...Sale: That I shouldn't be able to use my ability to affix things inside my body.Sale: It's a pain in the ass to guard myself, so I opened my mouth for you!Mista: Impossible...JoJo-main: ,He can even affix things inside his mouth to guard against the b*llet?Sale: Damn... This really freakin' hurts!Sale: But... it looks like you weren't lying about that being your last b*llet.Sale: I see you're not sh**ting again.Sale: You done now, Mista?Sale: If you're finished...Sale: The launching power on this baby...Sale: is more than ready, Mista!Sale: Take this! Release!One: He really did let down his guard.Six: He let his guard down because Mista was out of b*ll*ts!Seven: We just wanted to get closer to him,Seven: because the closer we get, the better we can aim!Sale: Wh-What?!Sale: Wh-When did they—Sale: sh*t! They're too close!One: Here we go, boys!One: Aim!Sale: Arts & Crafts! Defend!Sale: The b*llet split in two?!Sale: It won't matter if he gets one more clean hit on me,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,but... he's not aiming for that, is he?Sale: That's not good.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Don't tell me... he's aiming for that!Sale: That's—Mista: I aimed for the same wound.Mista: If I sh**t another round at the one that's stopped in your head,Mista: it's going to push it just enough to dig further into your skull!Mista: I mean, if you're invincible enough to withstand that too, I'm sorta screwed, but...b*ll*ts: We did it!b*ll*ts: Yes!b*ll*ts: Yes!Mista: Come on, Number .JoJo-main: ,I keep telling you to not bully Number , jeez...Mista: He's still somewhat alive, even though he's got a b*llet in his brain.Mista: Guess your Stand really is invincible.Mista: Bucciarati told me not to k*ll you, but...Mista: Hey, we're going back! Back to the marina!Guy: What do you want?!JoJo-main: ,What the hell is with you guys?!Guy: Damn it.Guy: Who the hell do they think I am?JoJo-main: ,Telling me to stop, then go...JoJo-main: ,I'm not a freakin' taxi, you dumbasses!Guy: How dare you thr*aten me?!Guy: I'll let you off the hook for now, but next time I'm gonna let you have it!Gio: I'm terribly sorry, but I'm chasing someone.Gio: Could you take me to the top of the island in this truck?Gio: Quit wasting time! I'm desperate here!JoJo-main: ,You're gonna drive! Got it?!Guy: Y-Yes, sir...
