04x31 - Green Day and Oasis, Part 2 / Green Tea and Sanctuary, Part 2QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 10:22Bruno: By that time,Bruno: my life...Bruno: had already ended.Gio: What?!Bruno: Above us! It's a helicopter!Cio: Now they're cornered.Cio: And whoever Bucciarati and his men were meeting in RomeCio: will be dealt with by Green Tea.Gio: We have to take care of him before the mold's k*lling spree reaches the Colosseum!Gio: Bucciarati,Gio: we can leave the guy beneath the ground to you, right?Bruno: Go, Giorno!Bruno: Run, Mista!Mista: All right! Let's go, Giorno!Secco: Either way...Secco: I'm taking care of you first...Secco: Buccia... rati...JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio  Green Tea and Sanctuary, Part Secco: Bucciarati...Secco: How dare you ambush me back at that village...Secco: I'm never falling for that again.Secco: How dare you do something so cleaver?!Secco: No, wait...Secco: Something so lever... no wait.Secco: Something so beaver... wait, or was it sever? Griever?Bruno: You mean "clever"?Secco: I knew that, damn it! What are you, a language teacher?!Secco: Y-Y-You jerk!Secco: Oh, yeah. I need to record a video.Secco: It shouldn't take me too long to take care of you.Secco: Let's see...Bruno: Zipper Man!Bruno: H-He's... His power and speed...Secco: I-If we're doing this one-on-one...JoJo-main: ,I don't even need to dive into the ground.Bruno: Th-This ability...Bruno: It surpasses my Zipper Man...Bruno: both in speed and in power!Bruno: It's recoil. He's hitting the ground with his elbows.Bruno: He's using the ground to give him elasticityJoJo-internal/narrator: ,and increasing his power with that recoil.Bruno: That's why he's fast!Bruno: Just like a boxer using the ring ropes to increase the power of his punches!Secco: Sanctuary!Secco: Take this! I'm out of time!Secco: As I thought... There's no mold growing on you,Secco: even though you fell.Secco: Cioccolata's Green Tea will k*ll any living creature.Secco: What the hell's going on with your body?Secco: I mean, I guess I'll just have to pulverizeJoJo-main: ,every last inch of your body until you can't move anymore...Secco: w-w-with my Sanctuary!Cio: Giorno Giovanna!Cio: I heard that he's a newbie.Cio: He has the ability to give objects life.Cio: The b*ll*ts that missed...Cio: The plant that has a hold on this helicopter must be his plant!Cio: They're coming.JoJo-main: ,How dare they underestimate me?Cio: Your life force energy is no match for my Green Tea!Cio: I'll rot all of these vines!Cio: We're making this helicopter take off, Green Tea!Cio: Spread your mold! We're breaking free of these vines!Cio: Wh-What?!Cio: I can't take off!JoJo-main: ,It's not moving at all!Cio: Th-That's not good!Gio: Okay, looks like it's grown to its full size.Gio: It's turned into a tree! Now that helicopter is secured.Gio: Mista! We're gonna climb up the tree to get to the helicopter!Mista: There's no need, Giorno.JoJo-main: ,It's well within range of my b*ll*ts.Mista: Yee-haw!Mista: Go, b*ll*ts!Mista: Your target is his head!b*ll*ts: What?!Five: Mista! The others are saying they can't find him anywhere in the helicopter!One: Where is he?! What the hell?!One: There's no way he can hide!One: He can't get out, either!One: Everyone, look for him! Find hi—One: Number Two! Number Three!Five: N-Not good! Mista, hurry and call everyone back! Hurry—Gio: Mista!One: Number Two! Number Three! What happened to you guys?!One: Th-That's impossible!One: Why isn't he here?One: Each Stand should only have one ability!One: His ability is to att*ck you with mold if you drop down toJoJo-main: ,a lower position than where you currently stand.One: That should be the only one!Six: Run, Number One...One: Number Six! Seven!Six: We can't... defeat him...Six: Hurry up and get out of this helicopter!Six: He's—Both: ...too dangerous!Gio: Mista! Hurry up and call the b*ll*ts back!Gio: Undo your Stand ability!Mista: I can't... I can't call them back...Mista: He got the b*ll*ts...Mista: I-I underestimated him...Five: Mista!Five: Mista! Send me over there!Five: I'll go bring everyone back!Gio: No, it's no use, Number Five.Gio: He's captured the b*ll*ts that he's destroyed,Gio: because he knows Mista won't be able to heal unless he gets his Stand back.Gio: I can't heal him.Five: N-No...Gio: And he's probably waiting for you to come.Gio: If he manages to destroy you, the final b*llet, Mista will die.Gio: He's someone we should've faced head-on!Gio: Mista! I'm leaving Trish and Narancia here.Msita: Right...Mista: Watch over them!Five: Mista! Mista...Mista: Follow him... Number Five.Mista: Back Giorno up...Mista: Take this b*llet.Five: Okay...Gio: I feel a life force...Gio: Why couldn't the b*ll*ts find him?Gio: I don't know his exact location, but he didn't leave the helicopter.Gio: In that case...Gio: Golden Wind!Gio: There's no effect?Gio: What is he doing?Gio: How is he hiding in there?Gio: Medical supplies?Gio: He's a doctor?Gio: The aftermath of the mold...JoJo-main: ,It's spreading to the Colosseum!Gio: There's no more time! I have to defeat him immediately or all will be lost!One: Th-The enemy's true identity is...Gio: Come over here, Number One!Five: Don't go any closer, Giorno! It's a trap!JoJo-main: ,Useless!Gio: What?!Gio: Wh-What the hell is that thing?Five: Giorno, be caref—Five: Giorno!Cio: Curiosity...Cio: is the most important factor for mental growth.Cio: I've never been so gratefulCio: as I am right now for all the experimentation that was conducted on me as a child.Cio: I made very close observations on what parts of the human bodyJoJo-main: ,I could sever and still keep that body alive...Cio: Of course, I'm quite aware of which veinsCio: need to be closed off to prevent bleeding out, too.Cio: And if I cover the parts that I sever with Green Tea's mold,Cio: I can continue moving around,Cio: despite being in pieces, and hide wherever I need to.Five: You can't fall, Giorno!Five: If you fall any further, the mold's going to att*ck you!Five: G-Giorno!Sign: SeccoSign: SanctuaryFive: Hurry and climb up!Cio: There are times when you truly feel blessed, aren't there, Giorno Giovanna?Cio: I believe there are two situations in which you feel blessed.Cio: The first is when despair changes to hope... You feel blessed.Cio: When your plant grabbed on to this helicopter,JoJo-main: ,I actually panicked because I thought I was in danger.Cio: I was in utter despair.Cio: But I got through it.Cio: I was able to turn that despair around with my experience and mental strength.Cio: And that makes me feel truly blessed right now.Gio: Golden Wi—Cio: Don't you dare climb up here!Five: Giorno!Cio: Did you forget that both of my legs were still hiding?!Cio: And the second situation that makes one feel blessed...Cio: is when you look down upon someone who's in utter despair!Cio: I've won!Cio: By the time you hit the ground,Cio: the mold will tear your body to shreds!Five: Giorno, take this!Five: Jump in there, Giorno!Five: Hurry and return to the helicopter!Gio: Grazie, Number Five!Five: Pound him!Cio: How pitiful.Cio: Nothing's changed, Giorno Giovanna.Cio: I, Cioccolata, am still going to win!Cio: The branch you just grew is also living.Cio: Meaning if it drops even a few centimeters,Cio: mold will att*ck that branch!Five: Jump onto the helicopter, Giorno!Five: Hurry!Five: Giorno!Cio: I did it! Now, show me that expression!Cio: Show me despair!Cio: Show me, as clear as can be,JoJo-main: ,the moment you lose all hope and die!Cio: Show me your despair as you fall to your death!gio: Bene.JoJo-main: ,The angle I calculated toward the helicopter's propellers was perfect.Gio: Because it was alive, the branch was destroyed by the mold.Gio: However,Gio: the part of the branch that fell from its root no longer holds life.Gio: It's just a piece of wood.Gio: Because you destroyed it, the branch returned to being a b*llet.Gio: By the way, all that bullshit about being blessed that you were yapping about...Gio: I can't say I feel blessed at all, even though I'm looking at you.Gio: Because I've been winning against you from the start.Five: You did it! I can't believe it, Giorno!Five: That was close!JoJo-main: ,You defeated him before the mold got to the Colosseum!Five: Please take care of Mista's wounds, too, Giorno!Five: That was close! Now the rest of the b*ll*ts will be back, too.Gio: Could you move just a little to the right, Number Five?Five: Huh?Gio: I might just be worrying too much, but... What was his name? Cioccolata?Gio: He might actually be...Gio: You're just pretending to be dead, aren't you?!Gio: And you're thinking.Five: Giorno?Gio: If you can move your body just a few centimeters before I climb up there,Gio: you can slip beneath the trench and escape.Gio: You'll be able to activate the mold again,Gio: and you'll win. That's what you're thinking.Gio: To be honest, I have a hole in my right lung right now.Gio: My subclavian vein has been severed, and four of my ribs,JoJo-main: ,my right humerus, and my right hand bones have been shattered.Gio: I'm honestly not sure how fast I can get up there.Gio: But my Stand is Golden Wind.Gio: It's a power type with a range of two meters.Gio: If I just take a moment, I'll be able to end you.Five: H-He's dead! You sh*t him through the head!Gio: Good point.Gio: If you continue to stay still, I'll incapacitate you,Gio: but I promise you I won't do anything else.Gio: I'm giving you a choice.Gio: So, what are you going to do?JoJo-main: ,I'm going to start climbing now.Cio: Stay away from me! Look behind you, you moron!Cio: I've taken Mista and the turtle hostage!Cio: You dumbass! While you were busy talking,Cio: you apparently didn't notice that I snuck my right armJoJo-main: ,up from under the tree's shadow!Cio: I'm going to chop off Mista's neck now!Cio: If you come after me, you won't be able to treat Mista!Five: Mista!Cio: I'm the winner, after all!Cio: Take this!Gio: It's true.JoJo-main: ,I kept talking because I wanted to buy some time.Gio: The time I needed to make the b*llet that went throughJoJo-main: ,your head earlier evolve and return to your wound.Gio: The piece that remained in your head lured the b*llet and returned to being a stag beetle.Gio: When I aimed for the propellers,Gio: I imbued it with Golden Wind's life force...Gio: so that I could finish you for good,JoJo-main: ,whether you were dead or alive.Cio: B-But you said... th-that if I stayed still.... y-you wouldn't do anything...Gio: Oh, please.JoJo-main: ,Did you really think you'd be that lucky?Gio: A piece of sh*t like you?Cio: Y... You're so mean!Gio: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!Gio: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!Gio: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!Gio: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!Gio: WRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!Gio: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!Gio: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!Gio: Useless!Sign: Burnable Trash PickupMon, Wed, FriFive: Giorno!Five: Mista's waking up!Five: Mista! Mista!Gio: What's that doing there?JoJo-main: ,Is that Cioccolata's... Don't tell me...Gio: Was he actually on the phone during the battle?Gio: But with who? What was he telling them?Secco: Why, though? Cioccolata...Secco: Why aren't you answering your phone?Secco: But I'm calling you...Secco: Um, it's flashing...Secco: What's this mean again? Um...Secco: O-Oh, right!JoJo-main: ,It does this when I have voicemails, I think!Secco: How many do I have? Two! When did he call?Secco: Was it when I was chasing Bucciarati?Cio: It's me, Secco.Secco: I-It's Cioccolata!Cio: I finished off the gunslinger Mista.Secco: Yes!Cio: Now it looks like the newbie, Giorno Giovanna, is trying to climb up to the helicopter.Cio: But it doesn't matter. I win.Cio: You concentrate on Bucciarati.Cio: I'll scratch your back when you get back.Cio: I'm sure you want some sugar cubes, too, don't you?Cio: I'll throw you some.Cio: You deserve a treat.Cio: How many would you like?Secco: Um... Um...Cio: Two?Secco: No! I want more! More! Mooooooore!Cio: I'm only kidding. I'll throw you five.Cio: I'll throw five at once.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Think you can catch them all with your mouth? No using your hands.Cio: Listen well, Secco.Cio: We are invincible.Cio: The strong have the right to rule over the weak.Cio: No, I should say that the strong have a duty to rule over others.Cio: Even if that includes the boss.Cio: I plan to surpass the boss during this battle, as well.Cio: You're going to do this, too, Secco.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,You are strong.Cio: Giorno's here. I need to hang up.Cio: But that's why...Cio: I love you.Cio: Let's go.Bruno: This should be far enough. I should've lost that underground guy...
