04x24 - Notorious B.I.G / Notorious ChaseQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 10:13Bruno: It's hard to imagine that another assassinBruno: from the organization is in Venice right now.Bruno: It should be wide open.Bruno: Let's head toward the airport!Bruno: We'll get a plane!Bruno: We're going to get a plane and head to Sardinia, no matter what.Bruno: We must find out about the boss's past as quickly as possible...Bruno: or we lose.Sign: Marco Polo International AirportGio: I don't feel any life energy.Gio: There are no living creatures on this plane, not even a cockroach.Bruno: All right, let's take this plane.Bruno: Don't let any living creature or machine near this airplane.Bruno: After taking off, an airplane glides at a few thousand to ten thousand metersJoJo-main: ,at a speed of around  kilometers per hour.Bruno: Once in the air, there's no Stand user who can controlJoJo-main: ,that kind of speed or power from the ground.Bruno: Our destination is Sardinia.Bruno: The flight should be around two hours.JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio  Notorious ChaseNara: You're gonna fly this thing with Moody Jazz's replay?Nara: B-But there's no guarantee that this thing flew to Sardinia.Abba: I'm pretty sure there's this thing called INS that lets youJoJo-main: ,put in a destination, and it'll get you there automatically.Abba: I saw it in a movie once.Abba: If I find the INS and input our destination, there shouldn't be an issue.Nara: Really? You're going by what was in a movie?Bruno: Abbacchio, how long until takeoff?Abba: No idea. I can't exactly fast forward this.Abba: It'll probably take around ten minutes.Trish: Bucciarati's leg... Was it injured in the restaurant battle?Trish: Still, despite how deep that cut looks, he's barely bleeding.Nara: Up front, to the left! Something's coming!Nara: Something's heading our way, Mista!Mista: Stop right there!Mista: Just so you know,JoJo-main: ,anyone who gets near this plane will be sh*t dead, even if they're a saint!Mista: And it's not like a saint would even come here.Mista: If you care about your well-being at all,JoJo-main: ,you'll turn your back to this plane and get the hell off this runway!Mista: Apparently your ears are plugged up with wax, but do your best to listen.Mista: I'll warn you one last time.Mista: I'll let you go, so get the hell off this runway.Nara: He's a Stand user!Mista: Six b*ll*ts!Mista: Giorno! Narancia! Be careful of the enemy!Nara: His signal disappeared.Nara: He's the only enemy in the area.Nara: No one else is trying to get near this plane.Mista: Giorno! As you can see, he d*ed instantly.Mista: There's no need to check up on him.Gio: Yes, I know, but we need to be cautious.Gio: He went down surprisingly easily.Gio: It's like he showed up only to be defeated.Mista: Hey, are you mocking me and my b*ll*ts?Mista: It just means that he was no match for me!Mista: He's obviously way weaker!b*ll*ts: Yeah! Yeah!Gio: He's completely dead.Gio: Not only is he not breathing, but his heartbeat and life energy are gone, too.Nara: Mista! Giorno! We're taking off! Hurry up and get on!Mista: Come on, Giorno. Let's go.Trish: I wonder if my father...JoJo-main: ,No, your bossTrish: might have guessed that I'd go to Sardinia to find out about the past.Bruno: Former.Bruno: Our former boss.Bruno: I'm sure the thought crossed his mind.Bruno: That's why we need to find out about the boss's past as soon as possible.Bruno: I figure that when he met your mother in Sardinia,Bruno: he wasn't a gangster who needed to hide his identity yet.JoJo-main: ,He was just an ordinary young man.Bruno: He became a gangster after that.Bruno: He must have some kind of identity.Bruno: The true identity of the boss from fifteen years ago surely exists.Bruno: As his daughter, you should be able to track it down.Bruno: Something, anything...JoJo-main: ,Do you remember anything more detailed from your mother's stories of the past?Trish: Cala di Volpe.Bruno: Cala di Volpe... The fox's tail?Trish: It's a resort located in a beautiful, emerald green coastal area.Trish: My mother mentioned that she met my father there while on vacation.Trish: She also mentioned that my father grew up in Sardinia.Trish: Apparently, he spoke with a Sardinian dialect.Trish: But then he disappeared, and my mother never found out more than that...JoJo-main: ,Not even his name.Trish: I'm not even sure what I should look for.Trish: Besides, this is all just from my mother's reminiscing.Bruno: You're the boss's only living relative.Bruno: That's why he's trying to eliminate you.Bruno: Cala di Volpe...Bruno: That means we have our destination.Gio: Mista.Gio: Get your g*n out and take aim.Gio: Listen to this sound...mista: Sound? You mean the sound of the engine?mista: What are you talking about?Gio: Just please, get your g*n out. There's something weird about this cabinet.Mista: Hey, hey, hey, hey...Mista: The only one being weird is you.Mista: You're the one who said there wasn't so much as a cockroach on this plane.Gio: That's true... I don't feel any life energy, even now.Gio: But...Mista: But what?JoJo-main: ,Are you trying to say there's a remote-controlled Stand on the plane?Mista: You sure you're not just freaking out?Gio: I could very well just be freaking out.Gio: But I know I heard something.Gio: I have a bad feeling about this.Gio: I'm going to open this. Please have your g*n ready.Gio: A freezer...JoJo-main: ,I-I apologize. I was getting a little too high-strung.Mista: Giorno, what the hell kind of joke is this?JoJo-main: ,When did you put that in there?Mista: You're trying to scare me with chicken scraps?JoJo-main: ,What the hell's so funny about that?Mista: Th-That's not chicken.JoJo-main: ,It's still wet. Th-The blood's still fresh.Mista: Aren't these the fingers of the fatty I blasted back at the airport?Mista: Giorno, am I wrong?Gio: Calm down, Mista.Mista: Hey... Is there another one now?Bruno: You two. Is something wrong?Bruno: Giorno, you confirmed that there weren't any signs of life on this plane.Bruno: But Mista is saying that it looked like those fingers increased from three to four.Bruno: Is there any life energy in those fingers?Gio: They are just bones. They have no life.Gio: If these bones had any signs of life or were a Stand,JoJo-main: ,plant life from Golden Wind's powers wouldn't grow from them.mista: It freaked me out because it looked like there was one more,JoJo-main: ,so I could've just been seeing things...mista: But there's still something really off about this!Bruno: Indeed.Bruno: I'm not sure how or why, but someone put these in here on purpose.Bruno: Let's throw these outside.Nara: Huh?! But opening the door is super dangerous!Nara: Apparently, the difference in air pressure would send us flying like some rat in a toilet!Bruno: Everyone, hang on to something.Bruno: Zipper Man!Crunch,Sfx: {\c&HFFB&\c&H&\shad}PopBruno: Guess you didn't need to hang on after all.Bruno: Anything else out of the ordinary?Bruno: Check every inch of this plane.Gio: I want some pizza, too.Gio: I want to go back to Naples and enjoy a simple Margherita...Gio: This jet looks like a train station bathroom.Gio: But it must be some rich guy's jet...Gio: What the hell is this?Gio: The enemy Stand's name is...Gio: Notorious Chase.Gio: Who wrote all this, and when?Gio: Who the hell wrote this?!Gio: What?!Gio: Th-These fingers...Gio: I-It can't be! We threw the finger bones outside!Gio: We didn't even touch them!Gio: Is this what made that graffiti?Gio: A corpse?Gio: B-But this can't be... The Stand ability of someone who's dead?Gio: Is this thing getting bigger by consuming my body?Gio: Golden Wind!Gio: Cut off my right arm!Gio: What?!Gio: It's consuming my arm in the same shape.Gio: My Stand... is being consumed!GIO: The one who was scribbling on the wall was me...Gio: The one who brought the fingers onto the plane... was me!Bruno: What's going on, Giorno?Mista: H-Hey...Gio: Golden Wind!Mista: You should probably make a new right arm fast, Giorno.Gio: Was he trying to jump onto Golden Wind's right arm just now?Bruno: What's going on, Giorno? This is unthinkable!Gio: We've never dealt with a Stand like this before.JoJo-main: ,It goes against all we know.Bruno: A Stand... Does that mean the user is hiding somewhere?Gio: The user isn't here.Gio: He's already dead. He d*ed on the runway.Gio: That man came here specifically to die...JoJo-main: ,so that his Stand could automatically trace us.Gio: Its energy is still alive.JoJo-main: ,It appears to be a Stand that only activates when its user has d*ed.Gio: There's no user, so it can keep up with this jet's speed.Nara: But it's super slow, Giorno.Nara: Actually, it's not moving at all. Did it die?mista: It's not moving?JoJo-main: ,No, Narancia...mista: It's eating, so it doesn't have to move right now.mista: I got too close. This thing is fast.Mista: My b*ll*ts...Mista: It got four of them just now... That's more than half.b*ll*ts: Number Two! Three! Six! Seven!Mista: This thing's seriously bad news!Mista: Don't get too close.Mista: Everyone, stay back.Nara: Mista!Bruno: sh*t! Don't get close to it!Gio: For some reason, it changed its target to Narancia.Gio: It's using some criteria to decide who to att*ck.Nara: How dare you underestimate me?!Nara: I just need to stay away from it, right?Nara: But...JoJo-main: ,My L'il Bomber can blow this thing apart without getting close at all!Gio: That movement... It's definitely tracking something.Nara: I-Impossible! It's fast! It's way too fast!Nara: This isn't good! At this rate, it's going to att*ck all of us!Bruno: N-Narancia!Bruno: Trish! Hide inside the closet!Bruno: What?!Runo: Why is it going after Trish?!Bruno: Hurry up and shut the door!Trish: I-I won't make it in time!Bruno: Trish!Gio: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!Gio: I figured out...JoJo-main: ,what it's tracking.Gio: It's movement!JoJo-main: ,This Stand reacts to movement and prioritizes attacking whatever moves!Gio: It matches the speed of the fastest target and prioritizes it.Gio: If we can get this thing off the plane along with my left arm,Gio: we'll get to Sardinia safely.Gio: Then everything will go as planned.Bruno: Giorno, wait!JoJo-main: ,Who's going to heal your wounds if you lose both your arms?Bruno: Swap with me! Get that Stand onto me!Gio: We won't make it in time, Bucciarati!Gio: It's climbing up higher!Bruno: D-Don't!Bruno: Giorno!Bruno: How can this be?JoJo-main: ,We haven't even gotten to Sardinia yet,b*llet: Mista!Bruno: and both Mista and Narancia are...Bruno: How can this be?Bruno: If we weren't in an enclosed space like this,JoJo-main: ,they might not have been so badly injured.Bruno: My idea to board a plane was naïve...Trish: No one could've predicted this.Trish: And it's because we're on a planeJoJo-main: ,that we were able to blow that Stand away.Bruno: Regardless, we have to tend to their wounds.Bruno: They're all gravely injured.JoJo-main: ,Let's get them inside the turtle.Trish: Hang on a second.Trish: Tend to their wounds... Their wounds...Trish: Giorno's arms...JoJo-main: ,They can be healed, right?Trish: With Golden Wind's powers...Bruno: Golden Wind and Zipper Man's powers activate once their fists hit or touch something.Bruno: This is the most damage we've endured so far.Bruno: Giorno Giovanna is no longer able to fight.Bruno: That probably goes for Mista and Narancia, as well.Bruno: Giorno can't recreate the arms that he's lost!Bruno: Trish, you should get some rest.Bruno: I'm going to go tell Abbacchio.Trish: I'm...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,heading to Sardinia for myself.Trish: Just for my own safety...Trish: And...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,For my future, I want to find the key to my father.Trish: But Giorno and the others are different.Trish: They're making decisions based onJoJo-internal/narrator: ,what they think is right, not for their future or safety.Trish: I...JoJo-main: ,can't even begin to understand that.Trish: Was that... a ball?Trish: A ball was rolling around?Trish: I-Impossible!Tirsh: It didn't get blown away by the plane's speed?Trish: No, it's the opposite...Trish: Giorno...Gio: It's movement!JoJo-flashback: ,This Stand reacts to movement and prioritizes attacking whatever moves!Trish: In that case, the plane is moving through the sky...Trish: The faster something is, the more it prioritizes catching it!Trish: It att*cked the Kn*fe just now because I dropped it...Trish: I want to run into the closet and shut the door.Trish: Slowly...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,I have to move slowly...Trish: I have to escape without any sudden movement.Trish: I-It's so sensitive!Trish: Why did it change direction?Trish: It must've reacted to something.Trish: That's... Giorno's brooch?Trish: Could that brooch be...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,alive?Trish: Golden Wind... No, Giorno's arms...Tirsh: H-His left hand?Trish: C-Could it be forming his left hand?Trish: Before Giorno cut off his arm, he used Golden Wind to give the ladybug lifeTrish: and created the hand he lost.Trish: Giorno's not out of the game yet!Trish: If I can protect that left hand,Trish: Narancia and Mista's wounds can also be healed!Trish: B-But how am I going to do that?!
