04x30 - Green Day and Oasis, Part 1 / Green Tea and Sanctuary, Part 1QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 10:21Mista: That's perfect. That spot's just fine!Crunch,Sfx: BangCrunch,Sfx: BangCrunch,Sfx: BangCrunch,Sfx: BangCrunch,Sfx: BangCrunch,Sfx: BangCrunch,Sfx: Booomb*ll*ts: Yee-haw!Bruno: Well done, Mista!Bruno: As long as we move upward, their att*ck won't begin.Cio: I see...Cio: I think I understand how they survived so long after betraying the boss.Cio: You got the footage, didn't you, Secco?Cio: The desperate looks on their faces as they were fighting for their lives?Cio: Good!Cio: Good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good...Cio: Well done, Secco!Cio: The more curious someone is, the stronger they become mentally.Cio: Humans are far more curious than any other creature, and that's why they evolved.Cio: I can't wait to see it...Cio: I can't wait to see guys like him die.Cio: Oh, right. Forgive me, I'd forgotten.Cio: You get a treat for taking such a good picture.Cio: How does two sound?Cio: Three, you say? You want three sweet ones?Cio: You little glutton.Cio: All right. You can have three.Cio: Here it comes, Secco. Here comes three!Cio: Oh, my bad.Cio: Good!Cio: Good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good...Cio: You're such a good boy, Secco!Cio: Now, go!Cio: You go to Bucciarati and the others, Secco.Cio: You and your Stand, Sanctuary.JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio  Green Tea and Sanctuary, Part Mista: What are we going to do, Bucciarati?Mista: We can't go back out to sea.Bruno: If that mold's range is extended by the corpses, as Giorno guessed,Bruno: then instead of tracking down the user,Bruno: we're better off finding a car and getting out of this village.Bruno: Our number one priority right now is to get to Rome.Bruno: Giorno, how's Narancia's treatment going?Gio: It's hard to treat him in this village.Gio: There's living mold in his wounds.Bruno: All right, Mista, climbing up is fine.Bruno: We're going to go up those stairs and get ourselves a car.Trish: That's a bit cruel, Bucciarati.Trish: He didn't even ask Narancia if he was okay or not.Trish: Not to mention, earlier,JoJo-main: ,when you were trying desperately to get up from the boat,Trish: what did he say?Trish: He coldly ordered you to throw the turtle.Nara: What are you so mad about?Nara: Of course he said that. I was the one who went down into the boat.Nara: It's good that we made it out alive, but because of me, we almost d*ed.Nara: Besides, if Bucciarati hadn't told me to throw the turtle,JoJo-main: ,I might've dropped it into the ocean.Trish: I know that!Trish: What I'm saying is that he's cold to everyone!Nara: Say... I don't really understand how girls feel, but...Nara: Were you hoping he would ask you if you were okay?Nara: I already know how Bucciarati is,Nara: but you're dying to know more about him.Trish: Excuse me? I'm dying to what?Nara: Well, getting to Rome is what's most important right now.Nara: You can figure out your feelings later.Nara: I'm really not doing so great right now.Nara: Let me rest for a bit.Mista: The only way we can go is up right now,JoJo-main: ,but if we should ever have to go down any lower than where we are...Bruno: We'll be fine.JoJo-main: ,This village is built on the side of a mountain.Bruno: All the roads are uphill.Bruno: And outside the village, there are cars still running.Bruno: That means the mold's range hasn't expanded yet.Bruno: We just need to acquire a car and get out of this village quickly.Bruno: We need to hurry to Rome at all costs.Mista: Which car should we take?Bruno: One with a corpse next to it, because that corpse should have the key to that car.Bruno: It was just the mold breaking that corpse's hand apart.Bruno: I'll watch our rear.JoJo-main: ,You hurry up and get a car.Mista: Right.Bruno: Mista, I take that back.JoJo-main: ,Something... Something is wrong.Bruno: Hurry and go up!Mista: R-Right!Bruno: What are you doing, Mista?! I told you to go up!Mista: I already am, Bucciarati!Mista: But...Mista: We're sinking!JoJo-main: ,We're moving away from the wall!Bruno: What's going on?Mista: The whole staircase is being pulled into the ground!Mista: This must be a different Stand user than the one using the mold!bruno: There's another one after us!Mista: This isn't good! We need to hurry and climb up!Mista: If we go down any further, the mold will att*ck us!Mista: Jump onto the wall!Mista: My g*n!Bruno: It's not sinking...Bruno: The staircase itself is sinking into the ground, like it's melting!Mista: What's that?Bruno: The enemy!Bruno: The enemy's down below, and he's coming for us!Bruno: Mista! Climb onto the wall!bruno: Zipper Man!Crunch,Sfx: {\c&HC&\c&HDA&}Zu{\c&HB&}bo{\c&HBA&}ombruno: He's fast... This guy is fast.bruno: And this is strange...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,The ground feels solid when I'mtouching it with Zipper Man's hands.Bruno: This is a solid stone staircase, but I'm sinking into it...Bruno: And this thing is moving around freely underneath the hard ground.Bruno: This isn't good! I can't tell where he is!Bruno: Where is he coming from?Mista: Can you hear me, Six b*ll*ts?!Mista: Come back to me!b*ll*ts: Yee-haw!Bruno: One coming at us from beneath the ground,JoJo-main: ,and a man-eating mold Stand...Bruno: They're both making the most of the other's Stand ability.Bruno: This duo is too compatible, more so than any other team we've encountered before.Mista: What are they, bound by the red thread of fate? Damn it!Mista: I found one, Bucciarati.JoJo-main: ,A corpse that's still holding the car key.Mista: You bastard!Mista: I just caught a glimpse of our enemy!Mista: He jumped from the stairs and dove into the wall!Bruno: Th-This is...Bruno: Run, Mista!Mista: It's fast! At this rate, we might make it to the car,JoJo-main: ,but we won't have time to start the engine!Mista: I'll hold them back! Keep going!Bruno: Don't stop, Mista! The ground is still hard!Bruno: The b*ll*ts are going to ricochet!Mista: If the sinking ground is still hard somehow,Mista: our best chance is the moment I get pulled under.Mista: This guy's the powerful, close-range type.Mista: His range is small.Mista: I should be able to see it as soon as it tries to pull me in.Mista: That's when I'll get him!Mista: There! It showed itself!Mista: Now!Mista: Take this!Bruno: Mista!Mista: I see...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,I figured a powerful, close-range type might be able to deflect some b*ll*ts.Mista: But you see...Mista: If you're going to deflect b*ll*ts, my b*ll*ts can do that, too!Mista: The first three sh*ts I fired should...Mista: What?!Mista: He's not going to finish me off?Mista: So he thinks he can k*ll me at any time, now that I'm hurt?Mista: Hurry and pick up the key, Bucciarati!Mista: Start the engine!Mista: What the hell are you doing?! Hurry up and get in the car!Bruno: If we can actually get out of this village by car, that's fine.Bruno: As long as we can all head for Rome.Mista: Where are you going, Bucciarati?!Mista: Wh-What?!Bruno: So you're going to track us from underground, no matter where we go?Bruno: What a terrifying ability.Bruno: But do you have any idea where I'm headed?Bruno: Apparently you didn't, huh? You had no idea where we were.Zip: Arri, arri, arri, arri, arri...Zip: Arrivederci!Crunch,Sfx: {\fad(,)\c&H&\c&HBBD&}SquishSign: {\c&HB&\fad(,)}CioccolataSign: {\c&HF&\c&H&\fad(,)}Green TeaZip: Arri, arri, arri, arri, arri...Zip: Arrivederci!Secco: My...Secco: My...Secco: My face!Cio: What?Secco: Cioccolata!Secco: Three days ago... You heard, right?Secco: The Stand that the boss sent into the airplane... Notorious Chase...Cio: Hey, Secco. Aren't you tracking them down right now?JoJo-main: ,Why are you calling me?Secco: Hey, Cioccolata... This is important. Very important!Secco: Chase... Is that thing...Secco: Is it alive? Or is it a dead Stand?Cio: What brought this on?Secco: It's a simple question!Secco: Answer me. If Chase was here,JoJo-main: ,would your Green Tea's mold grow on it? On the dead Stand?Cio: Notorious Chase...JoJo-main: ,Are you talking about the one where the user was k*lled, but his hatredJoJo-main: ,was so strong that the Stand somehow survived?Cio: Who knows?JoJo-main: ,I'm curious about him, but I have no idea if the mold would grow on him.Cio: But I do know for certain that my Green Tea will destroy any living creature.Secco: The mold doesn't grow on inanimate objects like rocks, right?Cio: Forget about that! Quit wasting time and film those guys dying already!Secco: That's just it, though, Cioccolata!Secco: Look up the hill. Look at the road.Cio: Hey, Secco...Cio: Why is there a car leaving the village?Cio: Is the one driving the car one of them?Cio: Why did you just let them go?Secco: Hey, Cioccolata... It's just unbelievable...Secco: He hit me in the face.Secco: That Bucciarati guy... He didn't have any mold growing on him.Secco: Even though he jumped down!Secco: I can't believe he att*cked me there...Secco: It's totally unbelievable!Secco: His body won't grow mold! What the hell is going on?!Cio: I haven't the slightest.Mista: I totally thought...Mista: that you had plummeted.Mista: You scared me, Bucciarati.Mista: Did you hang on to the wall with zippers?Mista: I guess it might've been a close call.JoJo-main: ,It doesn't look like the mold got you at all.Gio: Mista, rest for a bit.JoJo-main: ,I closed your wounds, but if you move now, they'll start bleeding again.Gio: I'll look out for any cars that might be following us.Mista: Right...Gio: Bucciarati, your wrist... Did you hurt it?Gio: Please, let me see it.Gio: Are you listening, Bucciarati?Gio: If the mold got to you, you're in danger.Gio: Please, let me see it.Gio: That's...Gio: Th-That's impossible...Gio: Your skin is so cold...JoJo-main: ,A-And your pulse...Bruno: Giorno, did you just say something to me?Bruno: I couldn't hear you.Gio: What's... going on?Gio: Impossible...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,It simply can't be!Gio: O-Oh, yeah... Something similar happened before.Gio: I thought it was just my imagination back then...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,When we were leaving Venice.Bruno: Apparently, I hurt myself.Bruno: Looks like there isn't much time left.Bruno: I'm losing more and more feeling in my skin...Bruno: Or...JoJo-main: ,Maybe I never had any to begin with.Gio: That's impossible! Don't tell me, back then...Gio: When you saved Trish from the boss in Venice...Gio: Bucciarati, don't tell me... back then...Bruno: It's strange.Bruno: I've accepted this as fate.Bruno: Just a tiny bit of fate, of chance, that Heaven had granted me.Bruno: When you healed my wounds in Venice,JoJo-main: ,it appears the life force you gave meJoJo-main: ,allowed me to move for just a bit longer.Gio: Why... Why didn't you say anything?Gio: My Golden Wind completely healed your wounds back then!Gio: I'm sure it can fix whatever you're going through now, too!Bruno: Giorno, I'm sure your Golden WindJoJo-main: ,knows more about that than anyone else.Bruno: That nothing can be done for those whose lives have already ended.Bruno: By that time,JoJo-main: ,my life...Bruno: had already ended.Bruno: You won't tell the others about this, right?Gio: That's impossible... But that's impossible, Bucciarati!Gio: Y-You're—Bruno: Quiet, Giorno!JoJo-main: ,Listen. What's that sound? Am I just hearing things?Gio: There's no car following us.bruno: I hear it. It's getting closer.Bruno: It's getting really close!Gio: What?!Bruno: Above us! It's a helicopter!Bruno: He dropped some mold on us!Mista: Wh-What the hell just happened?!Giio: Bucciarati, we're descending! This road goes downhill!Gio: The mold is going to get us!Bruno: Giorno, Mista! We're jumping out!Bruno: Grab on to me!Bruno: Climb up! Climb up, even if only a little bit!Gio: Subconscious...Gio: In a way, Stand abilities are the users' subconscious abilities...Gio: If there's any guilt in their heart,JoJo-main: ,they might subconsciously hit the brakes...Gio: But whoever this is enjoys cruelty.JoJo-main: ,Actually, he lives for it.Gio: That's how his ability became this.Gio: This guy doesn't have any brakes at all!Gio: He has no limits on how evil he can be!Guy: Hey, what's wrong?! I-I'll go get a doctor right away!Mista: Hey, don't! Don't go down that way!Guy: I'll bring a doctor here right away!Guy: Hey, what's going on?Gio: The mold...JoJo-main: ,It's spreading instantaneously!Bruno: That's impossible. There are three million people living in Rome.Bruno: This is nothing like that fishing village!Bruno: And there are members of the organization in Rome.Bruno: This would be a hit to the boss, too.Gio: This guy doesn't care.Gio: He's enjoying this!Gio: At this rate, everyone in Rome will die!Gio: No, this guy's not going to stop, even if it spreads further than that!Bruno: There's something else!Bruno: At this rate, the mold's k*lling range will spread to the ColosseumBruno: faster than we can get there.Bruno: Mista! Is that helicopter within your g*n's range?Bruno: It doesn't matter! We have to hit it, no matter what!Bruno: Make sure you take it down!Mista: Got it! I won't let you get away!Mista: Go, Six b*ll*ts!b*ll*ts: Yee-haw!Mista: The guy in the helicopter wanted me to sh**t at it...Mista: So that the guy who can move around underground could safely get to us!Cio: All right, Secco was able to splash down safely... or should I say land?Cio: Now they're cornered.Cio: And whoever Bucciarati and his men were meeting in RomeCio: will be dealt with by Green Tea.Mista: Th-That bastard's coming from the top of the hill!Mista: And we can't go back down!Bruno: Mista, concentrate on the helicopter!JoJo-main: ,We can't let it escape!Bruno: I'll deal with this guy.Mista: I-It's no use, Bucciarati! It's already too far away!Mista: I won't be able to hit the fuel t*nk or the propellers from here!Gio: No, Mista.JoJo-main: ,You never know until you try!Mista: It's no use! They won't reach!Mista: I know the b*ll*ts' range better than anyone.Mista: The helicopter got away!JoJo-main: ,The guy underground is coming for us!Gio: The b*ll*ts hit their target, Mista.Gio: Now, the two of us are going to go take care of the man in the helicopter.Gio: Let's go after the helicopter!Mista: Go after it? The helicopter?Cio: What?! What is this?Gio: We have to take care of him before the mold's k*lling spree reaches the Colosseum!Gio: Bucciarati,Gio: we can leave the guy beneath the ground to you, right?Bruno: Go, Giorno!Bruno: Run, Mista!
