04x33 - His Name Is DiavoloQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 10:24Bruno: Wh-What? My body suddenly... All my strength is...Bruno: It can't be... My eyes are blurring, too...Bruno: Am I finally out of time?Bruno: I knew this moment would come...Bruno: But now?Bruno: I must go.Dopp: Go? Wait... I know Bucciarati and his crew have a goal.Dopp: Where is he trying to go?Dopp: I'm sure the boss wants to find that out.Dopp: Pardon me.Dopp: Can I lend you a hand?Dopp: It's totally up to you, though.Bruno: What? You're still here?Bruno: I'm fine.JoJo-main: ,Go run along somewhere.Dopp: But... and excuse me if I'm being presumptuous,JoJo-main: ,but I think it might be hard for you to cross that road alone.Dopp: I really don't mind lending you my shoulder.Dopp: I mean, if you don't mind...Bruno: Well...JoJo-main: ,That might not be such a bad idea.Dopp: How far would you like to go?Bruno: Um... Just to the entrance of the Colosseum.Dopp: The entrance of the Colosseum...JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio  His Name Is DiavoloBruno: There's no time. Just to the other side of the road... Please...Dopp: Look out!Driver: You stupid-ass drunk!Dopp: Are you okay?! Where were you look—Dopp: What? Why is Bucciarati so cold?Bruno: Sorry about that...JoJo-main: ,This is a guardrail?Bruno: Did I run into it?Dopp: Could it be that... Bucciarati can't see anything?Dopp: He also ignored that car hornwhen he tried to cross the road.Dopp: Does that mean he can't hear, either?Bruno: That wound on your throat...Bruno: Were you hurt during that scuffle earlier?Bruno: Actually, it looks like that wound is from this morning or last night.Bruno: It's not bleeding anymore.JoJo-main: ,That's a strange place to be wounded.Dopp: He can somehow see it clearly. But it's under my collar...Dopp: He's looking right at it!Dopp: At the wound that Risotto gave me!Bruno: Oh, you picked that up for me.JoJo-main: ,Thanks. I appreciate it.Dopp: Well... Ready to go?Bruno: Okay... Let's go.Dopp: He can hear me, too.Dopp: But something seems off, for just being hurt in a fight.Dopp: What's going on?Dopp: That's Guido Mista!Dopp: Damn! I took too much time.Dopp: Of course he'd show up.Bruno: Is something wrong?JoJo-main: ,We haven't finished crossing yet.Dopp: No, um...Dopp: Sorry, the cut on my neck started bleeding a little...Dopp: He's heading this way!Bruno: I apologize for being selfish, but I'm in a hurry.Bruno: I need to hurry up and cross.Dopp: No!Dopp: Don't stand up!Dopp: I mean... There's another car coming.Dopp: Let's cross once it passes.Bruno: No, that's on the other side of the road.JoJo-main: ,We can cross.Bruno: Come on.JoJo-main: ,Let me cross.Dopp: N-No... Mista's coming!Dopp: I'm just going to have to eliminate him right here...Dopp: Right now!Dopp: Bring, ring, ring, ring, ring...Dopp: I wonder what that sound was.Dopp: Bring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring-a-ling-ring-a-ling-ding...Bruno: What the hell are you doing?JoJo-main: ,What did you just say?Dopp: Bring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring-a-ling-ring-a-ling-ding...Dopp: Why am I getting a call right now?!JoJo-internal/narrator: ,He's going to figure out who I am!Bruno: You're...Dopp: Bring, ring, ring, ring, ring...Dopp: You friggin' dumbass!JoJo-main: ,Why the hell are you calling me right now?!JoJo-main: ,Do you want him to find out?!Gio: Trish!JoJo-main: ,Don't come outside yet!Gio: The danger's not fully gone. Get back in the turtle!Trish: You don't understand. He's here!Trish: I started getting that feeling again.Trish: The same thing I felt in Sardinia...Bruno: Who... are you?Bruno: The person in front of me...Bruno: You're...Crunch,Sfx: {\c&HD&\c&HCCE&}RumbleBruno: Trish!Trish: I can feel him! He's nearby.Trish: The boss is nearby!Mista: He's nearby?Gio: You don't know exactly where, though?Trish: He just suddenly appeared...JoJo-main: ,But I don't know where.Bruno: Thank goodness. You're safe.Boss: Well done. You did excellent work.Boss: This is why you're my most trusted and number one subordinate.Boss: Don't worry.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Bucciarati is looking at you right now, but he doesn't actually see you.Dopp: What do you mean?Boss: I don't know how this happened, but Bucciarati is already a corpse.Boss: His heartbeat has stopped, and he's not breathing properly.Boss: He can't see, and his eardrums ruptured in his battle with Secco.Boss: All he can see right now, Doppio, is the shape of your soul.Boss: All he can hear is the energy of your soul.Boss: He can't see objects like guardrails,Boss: and all he can see in cars are the souls of the drivers.Bruno: What's wrong, Trish?JoJo-main: ,Did something happen?Boss: My daughter's soul and mine have a similar scent.Boss: That's what I gave you just now.Boss: All Bucciarati sees is the form of my daughter!Boss: Get Bucciarati to lead you to whatever he was seeking.Boss: Have him take you there!Bruno: Trish...Dopp: Sorry... I'm tired, so I spaced out a bit.Dopp: But thank goodness you're safe, Bucciarati.Bruno: Yeah... More importantly, was there a young man nearby?Dopp: Oh, I saw him rush off somewhere in a hurry.Dopp: More importantly, Bucciarati, let's hurry to our destination.Bruno: You're right. I hate to bother you, but could you lend me a hand?Bruno: I can't seem to gather enough strength...Dopp: Yes,JoJo-main: ,of course.Sign: {\fad(,)\c&HFDFEEB&\c&HAF&}DiavoloSign: {\fad(,)\c&HFDFEEB&\c&HAF&}Emperor CrimsonBruno: It's rather small, but Trish, I have a house in the suburbs of Naples.Bruno: Once all this is over... if you don't have anywhere to go...Bruno: You can live there.Bruno: There's a school nearby, as well as a great restaurant.Bruno: It's close to the beach, too.Bruno: You've had nothing but horrible things happen to you,JoJo-main: ,but you still have a chance to enjoy a new life.Dopp: Thanks. But more importantly right now, where should I head next?Bruno: Go up those stairs...Dopp: Upstairs?Boss: Don't turn your head, Doppio!Boss: Keep going as though you haven't noticed anything!Boss: There's someone here.Boss: Upstairs, behind one of the stone pillars.Boss: Someone is watching you!Boss: It appears that his goal was to meet with someone.Boss: But who could it possibly be? I haven't the slightest idea...Dopp: Boss, how do you know they're here?Dopp: And if I don't turn around and look, I won't be able to tell who they are.Boss: Look at Bucciarati's eyes. That should be enough.Boss: He's reflecting in Bucciarati's eyes right now.Pol: Don't move!Pol: Stop right there.Pol: Take even a step up those stairs, and our deal is off.Dopp: You're right! There's someone hidden behind one of the pillars!Bruno: My name is Bruno Bucciarati!Bruno: I came this far because I trusted you when you saidJoJo-main: ,you had a way to defeat the boss!Pol: I know that.JoJo-main: ,But before we get to that, who's that next to you?Pol: There's nothing about them anywhere in my records!Bruno: And there shouldn't be!JoJo-main: ,Trish doesn't belong to the organization, and I only met her a few days ago.Bruno: But as you can see, she's one of us.Pol: Trish? That sounds like a girl's name.Bruno: Sounds like?Dopp: This isn't good... He's going to find us out, Boss!Boss: Calm down. Listen to me. This is what you're going to say:Boss: "Do you have a problem with me being a girl?" Go on, say it, Doppio!Dopp: Do you have a problem with me being a girl?!Pol: I guess I said something I shouldn't have.JoJo-main: ,It's a bit dark in here, so I couldn't see you well.Pol: Is she a Stand user?Bruno: Of course! But enough questions! What I want to know is, who are you?Bruno: Let's just get to the point of this meeting!Pol: No, not yet. I want to see her Stand.Pol: Trish! Move slowly.Pol: I have no data on you,JoJo-main: ,but if you show me your Stand from there, I'll trust you.Dopp: B-Boss...Boss: Who the hell is he?JoJo-internal/narrator: ,He's definitely got experience fighting.Boss: He's even thinking about a Stand's range...Boss: Who could he possibly be? I really have no idea...Pol: Well? Hurry and show me from that spot.Pol: Move slowly, as if you're lifting up your skirt.Boss: That's... It can't be!Why does he have that?Boss: That arrow... There's no doubt about it.Boss: That's the arrow from back then!pol: Wh-What's this ominous murderous intent I feel?Pol: It feels like someone's pointing a Kn*fe right at my heart...Pol: I've felt something like this before...Pol: Don't tell me—Boss: No, wait... That's right. There is one person I can think of.Boss: He used the arrow to track me down...Both: He's—Boss: In Egypt, I dug up the arrows that awaken Stand abilities within people.Boss: I knew the moment I saw themJoJo-internal/narrator: ,that these arrows had some mysterious power.Boss: An old woman named Enyaba who had two right handsJoJo-internal/narrator: ,told me she'd tell me how the arrows worked in return for sh**ting some.Boss: I figured one would be more than enough,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,so I sold the other five for a handsome sum.Boss: Come to think of it, that old woman said something rather bizarre...Boss: The arrow chooses people,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,and those people are attracted to one another like magnets.Pol: In the s, me and my old friend Jotaro Kujo were investigatingJoJo-internal/narrator: ,these arrows that brought out one's Stand abilities.Pol: We heard about a young man who had dug up the other arrows,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,and we split up to be more efficient in searching for him.Pol: Jotaro went to America and Asia.Pol: I went to Europe and Africa.Pol: And I managed to find out that one of the arrows wasJoJo-internal/narrator: ,in a region of Italy where drug-related crimes had suddenly skyrocketed.Pol: I investigated an unusual region where drug crimesJoJo-internal/narrator: ,involving young people and their victims had increased twenty times,Pol: and I knew I was finally close.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,But...Boss: My organization was nearing perfection after just a few years.Boss: My subordinates swore their loyalty to me.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,I had men hiding in all branches of society.Boss: I had a notion that someone was trying to track me down.Boss: In the end, I would finish them off myself.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,That's the most surefire way.Boss: I'd already decided that.Pol: But I ended up making two big mistakes.Pol: My first mistake was that this crime organization was already complete.Pol: Communications, the government, the press...Pol: Society itself had isolated me.Pol: And my second and greatest mistake...Pol: Silver Chariot!Boss: I guess I'll tell you, since you're going to die.Pol: The man who had unearthed the arrowsJoJo-internal/narrator: ,had powers far more sinister than I could have ever imagined!Boss: The moment that anyone sees Emperor Crimson...Crunch,Sfx: BoomPol: This ability...Pol: Time... It...Boss: ...they are no longer in this world.Pol: Is there no hope...?Boss: I'm certain that I k*lled him!Boss: To think that someone I had eliminatedJoJo-internal/narrator: ,in the past would show up again with an arrow!Pol: Bucciarati! The one next to you is—Pol: Wh-What? Bucciarati!Pol: Where'd the person next to you go?!Pol: They disappeared! Don't tell me...Pol: Where did they go?!Pol: Where did the one you brought here go?!Bruno: T-Trish...Pol: I'm asking you who the hell that person next to you was!Pol: I didn't hear or see anything fall, but a piece is already behind me...Pol: No... These movements...Gio: Time just skipped!Gio: Just like what happened in Venice!Gio: We moved further up the stairs before we realized it!Gio: We're not gonna make it!JoJo-main: ,The man waiting for us at the Colosseum just entered the boss's range!Dopp: This is a test.Dopp: I've accepted this test to stand victorious against my past.Dia: A person grows once they are able to defeat their weaker self.Dia: Wouldn't you agree, Jean Pierre Polnareff?Pol: You're...Crunch,Sfx: {\c&H&\c&HCC&}RumblePol: Diavolo!Dia: It appears that no matter how much I tear apart the past,JoJo-main: ,it still manages to wriggle up like a worm from under a rock.Dia: This is surprising.JoJo-main: ,No wonder I couldn't think of anyone who opposed me.Pol: How did you get here?!Dia: But in the end,Dia: it doesn't matter how you survived after I scattered your remains in the ocean.Dia: What's important, Polnareff,JoJo-main: ,is what you were trying to tell Bucciarati and his men!Pol: Don't you dare set foot on those stairs!Pol: I'm up here! You're down there!Dia: Why won't you fight yourself, Polnareff?Dia: Because you no longer have the mental capacity for it?Dia: Or are you no longer physically able to fight?dia: What are you going to use that arrow for?Pol: This is impossible. I'm sure it was a kid down there!Pol: Diavolo... When did you get so close to me?Dia: You're the one below me, Polnareff!Dia: As long as you are below in Hell,JoJo-main: ,it doesn't matter what you plan to do with that arrow!Pol: There! Silver Chariot!Dia: I see your Stand ability hasn't lost any of its power.dia: And it seems you've learned...JoJo-main: ,You've figured out how to see when time has skipped by counting drops of blood.Dia: I see. In just a moment's difference in number...Dia: Your timing is genius, too.Dia: If I had been any closer, I would've been gravely injured.Pol: This is the worst...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,I can't believe the first person to get here was Diavolo...Pol: I won't have another chance. But I must...Pol: I must protect hope at all costs!Dia: You're already within my range!JoJo-main: ,You won't escape this time!Dia: Emperor Crimson!Dia: Now, once the passage of time resumes,JoJo-main: ,you won't be able to see how many drops of blood there are.Dia: I've just defeated my weakerself from the past!Dia: Take this! The passage of time will resume—Dia: Wh-What is this?Dia: The arrow... The Stand...Dia: I don't know what it's doing, but...Dia: Take this!Dia: This arrow... What is it doing to Chariot?!Dia: There's some kind of power behind this glow!Dia: Time, resume!Dia: Impossible! What did you do?JoJo-main: ,The arrow does more than just draw out Stand abilities?Pol: This is my gamble to keep the arrow from Diavolo.Pol: I didn't want to show him that,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,but I don't have the power to fully control the arrow any longer.Dia: You won't get away!Crunch,Sfx: {\c&HFC&\c&HBAD&}s*abPol: That arrow is our hope...Pol: The one who can fully control that arrow will be the one to control the world.Gio: I-It happened again! It skipped! Time skipped again!Mista: Trish! Where's the boss?dia: You spent years uncovering some incredible secret about the arrow.dia: I guess you held out a pretty long time, Polnareff.dia: But unfortunately for you, I have the arrow now!Dia: It appears your heart has stopped.Dia: But the life you lived was not a complete waste,JoJo-main: ,Jean Pierre Polnareff.Dia: You have been ever so useful... to me.Trish: Giorno!JoJo-main: ,L-Look over there! It's Bucciarati!Mista: Hey, he looks really hurt!Gio: Bucciarati!Trish: Be careful! The boss is somewhere nearby.Dia: So you've come...Dia: What?Dia: Who are you?!Dia: How long have you been standing there?!
