04x17 - Baby Face / BabyheadQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 09:40Phone: You gonna be able to track them, Melone?Melone: Yeah.Melone: I've managed to collect a blood sample.Melone: Bucciarati's, that is.Guy: Hey, when's this train gonna get underway?Guy: Please, just wait a little bit longer.Guy: We have another driver on the way right now!Guy: What? What happened to the first one?anita: Ugh, talk about annoying.JoJo-main: ,Especially that crying brat over there.Anita: I knew I shouldn't have gotten on this train with all these peasants.Melone: Miss.Melone: How's your health?Anita: H-Hey, what do you think you're doing?!Anita: This is my compartment!JoJo-main: ,You can read what's written on the door, can't you?Melone: Do you have anything with your birthdate written on it?Anita: Uh...Melone: Oh.Anita: Hey! What the hell are you doing?!Melone: Born March , . Twenty-four years old.Melone: Very... bellissimo.Melone: A very good age.Anita: Don't touch my things!Anita: Get out!Smack,Sfx: SmackMelone: So good...Melone: What a magnificent slap.JoJo-main: ,If you have the energy to produce such a strong slap, there's no doubt.JoJo-main: ,You are...Melone: in excellent health.Melone: "Health: excellent."Melone: And judging by the taste of your fingers, your blood type is O.Melone: Right?Anita: What's your deal? Are you a thief?JoJo-main: ,Who do you think I am?Anita: My family—Melone: Ah, I don't need your name.Melone: I don't care about where you were born or your upbringing.Melone: What's important is your current health condition,Melone: your birthday, and your blood type.Melone: A Pisces and type O!Melone: Bucciarati is an Aries and type A,JoJo-main: ,and, according to horoscopes, is a terrible match for you.Melone: And that's so perfect!Melone: Looks like you drink and smoke, as well.Melone: Do you do any dr*gs?Melone: If you're doing any dr*gs...JoJo-main: ,You're even more amazingly di molto great!Anita: I-If you want money, I have it... If you want more, I have a credit card...Melone: Listen.Melone: Could you be quiet and listen?Melone: This next question is the most important of all.Melone: What's important here is your preference.Melone: Which do you prefer?Melone: Apparently the Indian Karma Sutra, which was written , years ago,JoJo-main: ,has more than  positions in it.Melone: And I think it's really important...Melone: as the beginning that leads to the birth of an excellent child.Melone: Now, choose.Melone: Babyhead!Anita: H-H-Help me!Anita: Help me!Sign: Conception completeSign:  minutes until birthSign: Analyzing the DNA from Bruno Bucciarati's blood sample.Would you like to integrate the DNA into a body and nurture it so that it can be tracked?Melone: Oh, yes. We're going to nurture it...Sign: : Yes. : No.JoJo-main: ,into something atrocious.Melone: Di molto...JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio   BabyheadAbba: As long as no one finds us,JoJo-main: ,we should make it to Venice by tomorrow or the day after.Nara: Man... Everyone seems super bummed.Nara: I wonder if Bucciarati said something harsh to Trish.Gio: No... I think she's worried because Bucciarati hasn't told her anything.Gio: Trish is probably a Stand user, but hasn't realized it.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,And her mysterious father...Gio: She has all sorts of questions on her mind.Gio: But Bucciarati is forbidden to speak about any of those things.Gio: I'd like to look more into her abilities.Gio: They'd probably offer some hints about the mysterious boss.Gio: She's very strong-willed.JoJo-main: ,She doesn't cry or complain at all.Five: Mista!Five: Tell Number Two and Number Three to share the hamburger with us!Mista: Huh? What are you talking about?JoJo-main: ,There's nothing to eat here right now...Mista: Huh?Mista: Where the hell did you get that?!Mista: D-Don't tell me...Guy: Why'd my hamburger disappear?Guy: There's something under the seat.Mista: Sh-sh*t!Guy: A turtle?JoJo-main: ,There's something on its back...Six: What are we going to do, Mista?Guy: It looks like some kind of jewel... Is it a key?Three: This seems bad.Bruno: What just happened?Fugo: Mista, you were keeping watch on the ceiling, weren't you?JoJo-main: ,What happened?Mista: Huh? Me?Mista: I-I haven't the slightest. I wasn't watching at that moment...Mista: Huh? Maybe the truck stopped...Sign: Birth completeAnita: Ow!Anita: What happened?Anita: Th-This...Anita: D-Don't tell me I—Anita: Thank goodness. Nothing happened.Anita: That stupid assh*le!Anita: What the hell was up with that creepy bastard?!Anita: How dare he make me think I was about to die?!Anita: I wanna k*ll him, damn it!Anita: That piece of sh*t!Anita: Hello? Are you the conductor of this train?Anita: Come to my compartment, right now!Sign: What does "k*ll" mean?Melone: Looks like they were born.Melone: They're starting to learn from their mother.Melone: Babyhead's child, that is...Melone: And this is great!JoJo-main: ,They're already responding to their mother's desire to k*ll someone!Melone: Make us proud!Anita: I'm telling you, some creepy bastard att*cked me here! He att*cked me!Anita: It's because you have that poor excuse for a lock on the door!Anita: There's even a bump on my head!Anita: Ugh, I'm so pissed!JoJo-main: ,That piece of sh*t! I hope you guys are prepared!Baby: What does... "k*ll" mean?Anita: I'm going to sue the hell out of you guys! This is unbelievable!Baby: What does... "piece of sh*t" mean?Melone: Would you like to learn some more?Melone: Okay, pay close attention.Melone: This is Mr. Lion. He's the king of beasts.Melone: The one with the long nose is Mr. Elephant,JoJo-main: ,and the one with the long neck is Mr. Giraffe.Melone: The one eating the grass is Mr. Zebra.Melone: And...JoJo-main: ,Oh, what's this?Melone: This is what "k*ll" means. Do you understand?Melone: It means to make them die, or to get rid of them.Melone: Next... Oh, we have some children's games.Melone: A spinning top and baseball.Melone: This is bowling, and these are ice skates.Melone: Oh, dear! Look at how handy these things are when you use them like this!Melone: The ones who d*ed are the pieces of sh*t.Melone: You use "piece" when there's only one and say "pieces" when there's more than one.Melone: Do you understand?Melone: But you can k*ll them in whatever way your instincts tell you to.Melone: However, you are forbidden to att*ck this girl named Trish.Melone: You need to capture her alive.Melone: There is also a newbiewhose face we haven't seen yet.Melone: They're with Bucciarati as well, so you need to find them and k*ll them.Sign: I have to pee.What should I do?Melone: What should you do?JoJo-main: ,I mean, just do it?Melone: Babies pee all the time.Guy: But it doesn't look like the lock's been broken...Anita: H-Hey, what is this?!Anita: There's something leaking from the ceiling of this stupid train!Guy: I don't see anything...Anita: I-It stinks!Anita: What is this?! It's so dirty and gross!Guy: Miss...Sign: Mommy said that I stink.She's also screaming that I'm "dirty and gross."Melone: So it seems. And how does that make you feel about her?Sign: What a great mommy!Melone: Yes!Melone: Di molto! This is extremely wonderful!Melone: You're learning so well!Sign: I'm hungry...What should I do?Melone: Not yet. You haven't learned enough yet.JoJo-main: ,It's too soon.Sign: Let me drink! Hurry and let me drink!Melone: Hey, not yet! I told you, not yet!Anita: I can't take this anymore!JoJo-main: ,I can't spend another second on this train!Anita: I'll sue the train company and make sure they take responsibility for all this!Anita: I'll tell them the bump on my head is a concussion, too...Guy: Huh? I don't hear her anymore...Melone: She was too good of a mother!Melone: It's good that she taught him the desire to k*ll first, but this is too early!Melone: H-Hey!Sign: Bucciarati's DNA is currently not moving...It's idle somewhere up north.Melone: What am I going to do with you?Melone: I guess I can't deny your talents, though.Melone: It looks like the a*t*matic tracking of Bucciarati's DNA has kicked in.Melone: It's a hassle, but Babyhead's son is an invincible, remote-controlled Stand.Melone: Nothing can defeat you!Sign: MeloneSign: BabyheadNara: Let's just steal one already.fugo: Are you stupid?Fugo: Word would spread in no time and go right to the enemy.Fugo: Then they'll just be waiting to ambush us!Mista: That's true.Abba: Fugo's got a good point.Nara: Then let's hear what Bucciarati wants us to do.Fugo: Wh-What are you doing, Giorno?Gio: If we steal only one, we'll be caught immediately.Gio: But if we steal a hundred...Gio: If it isn't just a single car that disappeared,Gio: and if they're all found in pieces at different locations,Gio: the search for the missing cars will be much harder,Gio: and it should give us plenty of time to get to Venice.Nara: I see...Mista: That definitely beats hitchhiking.Abba: Whatever.Abba: Giorno, you tell Bucciarati.Abba: Here.Abba: We're going to go get a car.Bruno: Please get down from the chair.Bruno: It's very dangerous outside right now.Trish: Listen, Mr. Bucciarati.Trish: If I were to ask you a dumb question, would you be able to answer it?Bruno: It depends on the question.Trish: What am I supposed to do if I need to go to the bathroom?Trish: You aren't suggesting that I use a diaper, are you?Bruno: I see... That's a very good question.Trish: Good. I'm glad you understand.Bruno: Let's make the closet a toilet.Bruno: Please, go ahead.Trish: Go ahead?Bruno: You said you had to go to the bathroom.Bruno: I don't know where it leads underneath that, but I'm sure the turtle will be fine.Bruno: It might actually get nutrients from it.Trish: I have no idea what you're trying to say...Gio: Bucciarati, we've procured a car.Bruno: All right. Once we confirm that we're safe, let's head out.Gio: Understood.Gio: That bike... When did it show up here?Gio: Where's the person who was riding it?Bruno: Giorno, is something wrong?Bruno: Trish?Bruno: What the hell?!Bruno: Trish!Bruno: I-Impossible!Bruno: Trish!Bruno: Zipper—Bruno: sh*t... It's a Stand, and a remote-controlled one!Bruno: But this power isn't remote-controlled. What's—Gio: Bucciarati, please be on your guard.JoJo-main: ,A strange bike has appeared.Gio: Bucciarati?Gio: Don't tell me... Bucciarati!Gio: Where's Trish? Trish!Gio: I had the turtle in my hands this whole time...Gio: I'd know if they came outside.Gio: Could the enemy have already used some kind of att*ck?Gio: Golden Wind!Melone: Di molto!Sign: {\an\pos(,}I've captured the boss's daughter, Trish,and Bucciarati as well.What should I do now?Melone: Di molto! Well done, Babyhead!Melone: Get away from there immediately, of course!Sign: I'm currently inside a turtle...There's one human waiting at the exit of the turtle.Sign: {\an\pos(,)\fs}I've never seen him before.He's going to find me on my way back. What should I do?Melone: Someone you've never seen?Melone: That must be the newbie.Melone: If he finds you, you're going to have to get rid of him.Sign: {\an\pos(,)\fs}Roger.{\fscx}I will get rid of the newbie who's waiting at the turtle's exit.Melone: But make sure you do it quietly so you aren't found by the others.Melone: Capturing Trish takes top priority.Melone: I'll have them head over there as well, just in case.Gio: I thought I felt a presence there, but...Baby: No, you were correct.Gio: Everyone! There's an enemy here! We're being atta—Gio: D-Did it take... my throat?!Fugo: Are you done yet, Mista?Mista: Don't rush me!Abba: Is something wrong?Nara: Nah. Giorno's waving.Nara: I'm pretty sure Bucciarati's telling us to hurry up and get the car.Mista: I just told you not to rush me!Sign: {\an\pos(,)\fscx}The att*ck was successful. It's very quiet,because I stole part of his throat.Melone: Di molto! Well done!Gio: Impossible! I destroyed the cabinet, but it's still not showing itself?Gio: And how am I not able to see it the moment it att*cks me?Gio: Where is it hiding, and how is it carving out pieces of me?Gio: Carving out pieces... Which means...Smack,Sfx: {\c&H&}ShpangMelone: So you've carved away his leg and eye, too?Melone: Di molto! Well done! Now, come back, Babyhead!Sign: {\an\pos(,)\fs}The att*ck was unsuccessful.{\fscx}Obviously, he's figured out what I am. What should I do?Melone: What?Sign: The newbie outside has removed the key from the turtle's back.Sign: Apparently, when someone removes the key, only living things can leave.Sign: My body is floating upward.What should I do?Melone: I'm not sure what you're saying... Living things?Melone: You're a Stand! It doesn't matter if you're living or not.Sign: That's true, but right now,I have the eye that I stole from him.His eye is living.Gio: I knew it... It was that cabinet.Gio: I see now...Gio: It's not that I couldn't see the enemy.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,I'd seen them all along!Gio: This ability chops up humans and reconstructs them into something else!Sign: Melone.What should I do?What should I do?What should I do?Melone: Don't panic! Who cares if he figured out your ability?Melone: The newbie hasn't been able to breathe for a while, and he's missing a leg, right?Melone: Just defeat him already and steal the turtle, along with Trish!Baby: Roger.Gio: Golden Wind!Gio: It's dodging by splitting itself apart!Gio: Which means...Gio: G-Guys...JoJo-main: ,I need to somehow... let them know...Gio: That had some effect!Baby: No, that was just a rock.Gio: Sh-sh*t...Gio: Trish is going to get taken...Gio: At this rate, Bucciarati will be eliminated!Gio: I-It's strong...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Is it... invincible?Baby: I will leave the newbie's corpse here.Baby: As planned, I've quietly captured Trish.Melone: Di molto! Good!Baby: I'm heading back to the train you're on now, Melone.Gio: Reconstructing humans into objects...Gio: Your ability gave me an excellent hint.Gio: Your ability is similar to my Golden Wind.Gio: They're very much alike in the way that they both recreate something.Gio: Due to the hint you gave me, and almost being k*lled,Gio: it would appear...Gio: that I've grown a little.Baby: M-Melone, did you hear that?Baby: I totally forgot earlier, but now I know the newbie's Stand ability.Melone: What about the newbie?Baby: His button has become an eye! In his hand! It became an eyeball!Melone: Hey, Babyhead, what are you talking about?JoJo-main: ,What's this about the dead newbie?Baby: He inserted the eye into his face!Smack,Sfx: {\c&HDD&\c&HC&}Rum{\c&HACF&}bleJoJo-main: ,He did the same with his throat and leg!Baby: His ability is to create life!Baby: He created his own parts!JoJo-main: ,His ability is the exact opposite of mine!Melone: Hey, who the hell are you talking about?Gio: You're not getting away! Golden Wind!Baby: The newbie... He...Baby: He's been revived!Baby: A-Are you listening, Melone?Baby: He made parts of the motorcycle into roots!Baby: I can't separate them!JoJo-main: ,I have to get rid of the parts that are stuck!Baby: I need to get away from the bike!Gio: Did it turn into a rock again?Baby: This isn't good. He's going to try to pick up the turtle.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,I'll k*ll him before he picks it up!Melone: Calm down, Babyhead!Melone: Let him pick up the turtle.Baby: What do you mean?Melone: The moment he picks up the turtle, tear him apart for good.Gio: Oil's pouring out. That's not good!Melone: Make sure he can never get up again!Baby: I got him!Baby: It was only a little bit, but how dare you freak me out, you bastard?!Baby: Now, I'm going to rip your head—Gio: I've learned a lot from your ability to turn humans into objects.Gio: I'm not sure if it's fate or if our Stands were attracted to each otherJoJo-main: ,due to their similarities that we met.Gio: But because of you, my Golden Wind was able to grow.Baby: Wh-Where did it go?Baby: I just tore off your wrist. Where did it go?Gio: Tore off?JoJo-main: ,That's incorrect.Gio: I intentionally let it go.Gio: I'd like to give you a little advice.Gio: You should probably use your hand to defend yourself, rather than att*ck me.Baby: D-Don't you dare underestimate me!Baby: Take this!Baby: What?!Gio: The hand that I cut off has already become another living creatureJoJo-main: ,and invaded your body.Gio: Yes.Gio: As you can see, it turned into a piranha!
