04x05 - Find Polpo's Fortune! / Let's Find Polpo's Fortune!QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 09:15Bruno: Passione is a pretty big g*ng organization.Bruno: First, there are groups made up of six to ten underlings, like my team.Bruno: Then there are capos like Polpo who command those teams.Bruno: They reign over a particular region, making it their turf.Bruno: These teams include specialty teams, such as an assassination team and a drug team.Bruno: Despite being from the same g*ng,JoJo-main: ,I really don't want to involve myself with those teams or their capos.Bruno: And the one who stands at the top is the boss.Bruno: The boss only has contact with the trusted subordinate he considers his right hand,Bruno: and we have no way of knowing who or where he is.Bruno: g*ng members in this city hate standing out,Bruno: as it can quickly lead to their assassination.Bruno: So even the capos will dress normally to blend in with the crowd,Bruno: and some even have cover jobs.Bruno: That goes double for our boss.He won't reveal his identity to anyone.Bruno: If we go snooping around, we're detected immediately.Bruno: I know plenty of guys this has happened to.Bruno: So, Giorno, in order for us to get close to our mysterious boss,JoJo-main: ,we need to be acknowledged.Bruno: We can't defeat the boss unless we earn the acknowledgementJoJo-main: ,and trust of someone close to the boss.Bruno: So first, we're going to get stronger.Bruno: We have to climb up to the position of capo.Bruno: Of course, the two of us can't do that alone.Bruno: A team we can trust...Bruno: That's what we'll need to defeat the boss.JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio  Find Polpo's Fortune!Nar: The news of the incarcerated Polpo's death spread among the other capos.Guy: According to our intelligence team, it might've been su1c1de.Guy : That's not his style.Guy : Polpo was in a special cell. m*rder isn't possible.Guy : Maybe he was plotting to betray the boss.Guy : There aren't many capos as trustworthy as him.Guy : That's even less believable.Guy: More importantly...Guy: Yeah... The problem is his successor.Girl: How do I look?Sign: Rome : a.m.Sale: I just heard that the capos are freaking out.Sale: Apparently, Polpo committed su1c1de.Mario: Huh?Sale: Hey, watch where you're going!Mario: I'm fine.Mario: su1c1de? That fatso?Sale: I told you to watch where you're going!Sale: So I dunno if Polpo was sad because he was in prison or if his obesity made him depressed,Sale: but he apparently wasn't very strong mentally.Sale: He put his own g*n in his mouth and blew his brains out.Mario: You sure it was su1c1de and not m*rder?Sale: It was su1c1de, for sure. From the... autopsy, they call it?Sale: Any expert can tell if it was a su1c1de or m*rder.Sale: Hey, there's a light up ahead.Sale: More importantly, have you heard the rumors about Polpo's fortune?Mario: Rumors?JoJo-main: ,I don't know where the end of the universe is, and I don't know jack about that, either.Sale: Before Polpo went to prison,JoJo-main: ,he converted some of his fortune into jewels and goldSale: and hid them somewhere.Sale: He has a hidden fortune.Sale: It's too much to even deposit in the bank, and he kept it secret from the organization.Sale: No one was stupid enough to look for it while Polpo was alive.Sale: But now that he's dead, that fortune doesn't belong to anyone.Sale: It's free money.Sale: It's said to be worth about five billion lire.Mario: Five billion?Mario: If I had that much money,JoJo-main: ,I'd be heading to Monaco or Japan with a girl on each arm.Sale: Nah, I'd rather work my way up.Sale: If I can climb up to capo with that money, I can taste honey that's even sweeter.Sale: But who knows where it's hidden...Mario: No one knows?Sale: Nah, and this is just what I'm thinking...Sale: But Polpo was such a fatty, he couldn't even go outside on his own.Sale: Do you think he could hide a fortune worth five billion on his own?Sale: He must've had someone do it for him.Sale: Someone who's good at keeping their mouth shut...Sale: Though I'm not sure anyone like that actually exists.Sale: But Polpo liked Bucciarati.Mario: Bucciarati? That's one of the thugs from Naples, right?Sale: Yeah. If anyone could've hidden it, it's him.Sale: And now that Polpo's dead, Bucciarati should be making his move...Sale: to get the five billion lire that's just been freed up.Sale: I'm sure that even Bucciarati wants money.Sale: Hey, Zucchero!Sale: That bastard Zucchero actually left!JoJo-main: ,Did he seriously believe that?Sale: If you're actually going to trail Bucciarati, I'd be careful.Sale: Apparently, he and his subordinates are Stand users.Rome___a_m_,Sign: Naples : a.m.Nara: Hey, Fugo.Nara: It's such a nice day outside.JoJo-main: ,It wouldn't hurt to skip out on studying for one day.Nara: I'm just not feeling it today.Waiter: Thank you for waiting. Here's your strawberry cake.Fugo: Listen, Narancia.Mista: Set it there.Waiter: Yes, sir.Fugo: You're amazing.Fugo: It's hard to ask someone to teach you somethingJoJo-main: ,when you haven't really even been to grade school.Fugo: But you even learned your multiplication tables!Fugo: You can do this. Just do as I've taught you.Fugo: You've got a good head on your shoulders.Fugo: Okay, ready? What's six times five?Nara: Six times five... Six and five...Nara: Thirty?Fugo: Correct! See? I knew you could do it!Fugo: You're basically halfway there!Nara: I see! Six times five is thirty! Okay!Mista: Hey, what's the deal with this?!Fugo: What do you mean? It's strawberry cake.Mista: Yeah, I can see that by looking at it!Mista: It's obviously not chocolate cake or cheesecake!Mista: That's not the point here!Mista: There are four slices of cake!Mista: Do they want me to die?!Fugo: Again with this, Mista?Mista: You moron!JoJo-main: ,It's bad luck to choose one from four!Mista: Choosing from five is fine.Mista: Choosing from three is fine.Mista: But when you choose from four, something bad will happen!Mista: When I was a kid, another kid adopted a kitten fromJoJo-main: ,a litter of four that was born in our neighborhood,Mista: and then the cat scratched his eye right out of his head!Mista: Of course, he b*at the cat to death later.Fugo: That's just an old wives' tale.Fugo: If you think about it rationally,Fugo: when people eat a cake one slice at a time,JoJo-main: ,someone's going to have to take one of the last four slices.Mista: That's the thing, though!Mista: This is when the restaurant should be more considerate and just bring us three slices!Mista: Talk about shitty service!Fugo: Jeez... Don't eat it, then.Mista: But I want some strawberry cake!Nara: I did it!Nara: I did it, Fugo! How's it look?Fugo: You're finished? Let's have a look.Fugo: What is this?Nara: Am I right?Crunch,Sfx: CrunchFugo: You stupid delinquent! Are you messing with me?!Fugo: How many times do I have to teach you this before you learn?!Fugo: You sh*t-for-brains!Mista: Oh, boy. He's lost it now.Bg fugo: You just said six times five was thirty, so why the hell is your answer even less?!Mista: Hey, Abbacchio, are you gonna eat that cake?Nara: What?Nara: Did you just call me sh*t-for-brains?Nara: It's not good to look down on others.Nara: I'll k*ll you. I'll k*ll you, Fugo.Fugo: You bastard...Bruno: What the hell are you guys doing?!Bruno: I could hear you all the way from the entrance!Bruno: You're bothering the other customers!Bruno: This is the new member I told you about yesterday.Bruno: Let me introduce you. This is Giorno Giovanna.Gio: I'm Giorno Giovanna.Gio: It's a pleasure to meet you.Nara: I'm sorry, Fugo.Fugo: No, I should apologize.Fugo: Please forgive me, Narancia.Nara: I'll study even harder, so teach me again.Bruno: Hey!Bruno: I'm the one who brought him here, so be respectful!Guy: Mr. Bucciarati.Bruno: What is it?Guy: There's a phone call for you.Bruno: All right, thanks.Bruno: Make sure you guys properly greet Giorno! Got it?Bruno: Giorno, I'll be right back.Bruno: Take some time to get to know these guys.Gio: All right.Abba: Giorno, was it?Abba: Why don't you have a seat?Abba: Let's have some tea and chat.Guy bg: Here you go, Mr. Bucciarati.Bruno: Thanks.Bruno: This is Bucciarati.Bruno: All right.Guy: Is something wrong?Bruno: No.Menini: Bucciarati! Bucciarati, do you have a second?Bruno: Oh, hello, Ms. Menini.Bruno: What's the matter?Menini: I'd like to ask a favor. Could we talk outside?Bruno: Of course.Abba: Well, drink up.Abba: How old are you?Gio: Fifteen.Nara: Fifteen? Ha, you're two years younger than me.Gio: Thank you for the tea.Abba: What's wrong?JoJo-main: ,You just thanked me for the tea that I so generously poured for you.Abba: Since you already thanked me for it, you'll just have to drink it.Abba: Or do you not want to drink it since it's not very hot?Mista: Maybe he doesn't want to drink it because he doesn't want to be one of us.Bruno: What the hell are you guys doing?!Gio: It's nothing.Gio: He went to the trouble of pouring this tea for me.Nara: No freakin' way!Bruno: What did you guys do?Nara: Gross! He actually drank it!Mista: D-Dude, you're hilarious! Did you seriously drink it?Fugo: No, there's no way he could have!Fugo: Hey, how'd you do it? Where'd you hide it?Msita: Hey, come on. Just tell me! Okay?Gio: Who knows?JoJo-main: ,You're all keeping your abilities secret, too, aren't you?Abba: So he's a Stand user?Gio: What I did with the liquid in the cup is...Gio: I used my ability to change one of my teeth into a jellyfish,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,which is  percent liquid, to suck it up.Fugo: Is it, like, some ability to move things?Mista: Open your mouth. There's no hole in there, is there?Nara: You actually drank it for real?Bruno: I'm not sure what it is,JoJo-main: ,Was that your favorite or something?Bruno: but there's something about Giorno Giovanna that makes him hard to dislike.Fugo: If you guys tell me about your powers, I might tell you mine.Giorno: You're cautious. I respect that.Mista: Does Bucciarati know?Giorno: Yeah.Bruno: They're not exactly a team yet, but we don't have any time to wait.Bruno: This has to be decided now.Bruno: Quit screwing around. We're going out.Nara: Huh? Where?Bruno: Follow me and you'll find out. Hurry it up.Lady: Bucciarati! How are you?Guy: Oh, Mr. Bucciarati!Scooter: Hey, Bucciarati.Scooter: Come by my shop again sometime!Bruno: I will!Mista: Hey, what are we going to do about a car?Abba: We got a loaner.Fugo: Since a certain someone destroyed our last one.Giorno: As I suspected, the citizens trust him.Mista: Hey, I told you that wasn't my fault!Menini: Bucciarati, this is my friend,Menini: and she's in a bit of trouble because her son is b*ating her.Menini: Right?Bruno: I see. That's rough.Bruno: I'll give him a talking-to.JoJo-flashback: ,What's your son's name?Lady: Thank you.Lady: He's usually such a sweet boy.JoJo-flashback: ,But lately, he's been getting into dr*gs...Menini: Bucciarati, I've been living in this neighborhood for fifty years.Menini: But lately, I've been so anxious.Menini: Who's making them sell those dr*gs?Menini: I'm so scared.Menini: Hey, you're going to protect us, aren't you, Bucciarati?Menini: You're on our side, right?Bruno: Yeah... I'll take care of it.Bruno: I'll figure it out.Nara: We're going cruising on a yacht?JoJo-main: ,That's awesome!Abba: When did you get a yacht?Bruno: We're going to rent one.Abba: Huh?Nara: Aw, it's just a rental.Mista: Say, Bucciarati...Mista: Whatever you do, please don't rent that one with the number .Mista: It'll sink. I know it.Fugo: Oh, come on... If that were the case, it wouldn't be floating there now.Mista: Shut up!Mista: Then you can ride on that one!Bruno: We'd like to rent a yacht.Guy: Of course! You can use whichever one you like.Mista: Other than !Bruno: All right. Sir, I'd like the one on the far left.Guy: All right. Let me get you the key.Bruno: For now, I'd like to rent it for three days. How much will that cost?Guy: Oh, I could never ask you for money, Mr. Bucciarati!Guy: Use it as long as you'd like.Bruno: Thanks.Nar: Ring me up, pops!Fugo: This feels nice.Mista: Hey, Narancia... Hey!Naran: Huh?Mista: Well, uh, you know...Mista: You bought drinks, didn't you? Would you sell me one?Nara: What? You always say that, but you never pay!Mista: Oh, who cares? Gimme one! Come on, hurry! Gimme!Nara: You're so helpless.naraa: You want a cola or Sparite?Mista: I'll take a co— Actually, a Sparite, since it's clear.Nara: Here you go.Mista: Thanks. Could you hold this magazine for me?Mista: Thanks, and thanks again...Nara: Huh? What's wrong with this thing?It just stopped working!JoJo-main: ,Why'd it stop?Nara: I just bought it!Nara: Damn it! How dare he sell me something like this?!Nara: That stupid old guy from the electronics store is gonna regret this!Mista: Hey!Mista: Come on, Bucciarati! Hurry up and tell us where this boat's headed!Bruno: Fine. We're far enough away from the shore now.Bruno: We're headed to Capri.Abba: Capri?Fugo: We're not going there as tourists, are we?Bruno: Correct.Mista: Then why are we going there?Bruno: This morning, the capo Polpo committed su1c1de.Mista: What? su1c1de?! Polpo did?Nara: No way!Fugo: But why?Bruno: It doesn't matter why he d*ed.Bruno: Polpo was a capo who did things that'd get him k*lled.Fugo: But what does he have to do with why we're going to Capri?Bruno: Polpo actually has a secret fortune.Bruno: It's worth...Bruno: ten billion lire!Abba: T-Ten billion?Bruno: I'm the only person who knows where it's hidden.Bruno: I'm the one he ordered to hide it.Bruno: That ten billion now belongs to us!Bruno: With that money, we can claim the rank of capo!Nara: A-Awesome!Fugo: He's definitely a man who's going to the top.Fugo: Just like I thought, he's going to become a capo!Abba: He earned this opportunityAbba: by working diligently enough to be acknowledged and liked by a capo.Abba: Amazing.Mista: Seriously? This took a sudden turn for the awesome.Nara: Where is it?Nara: Where'd you hide that kind of fortune on Capri, Bucciarati?Bruno: I can't tell you that yet.Bruno: Rumors of his hidden fortune have made the rounds in the organization.Bruno: No one can find out before we secure the money.Nara: B-Bucciarati!Bruno: Hey! Something's wrong!Bruno: Did something happen, Narancia?Mista: Narancia!Mista: What the heck are you doing?Mista: H-Hey, come look at this!Gio: There's only one shoe left...Abba: Give that here, Giorno!Fugo: I don't quite understand what's going on.Fugo: Where did Narancia go?Bruno: You guys didn't see it?Bruno: To me, it looked like Narancia got pulled into this box.Fugo: What?Mista: That's impossible!JoJo-main: ,He didn't randomly fall into the ocean, did he?Abba: Narancia, where are you?Mista: Hey, Narancia! If you're just fooling around and hiding... Hup!Mista: Hurry up and answer us!Bruno: Narancia, where are you?Giorno: Narancia! Answer us!Fugo: Mista?Fugo: What are you doing, Mista?Fugo: Mista?Fugo: Where did you go, Mista?Bruno: It can't be...Fugo: Come on, Mista!Fugo: Why are you messing around now—Bruno: Fugo?Bruno: Hey, Fugo!Abba: What?Giorno: What's going on?Bruno: Abbacchio, Giorno, stay close to each other!Bruno: We're being att*cked!Bruno: There's someone hiding somewhere on this boat!Bruno: This is a Stand att*ck!Abba: But why now?Bruno: The money.Bruno: Someone found out that I knew where the money was,Bruno: and they're trying to steal it.Bruno: Which means they're from the organization.Abba: Does that mean they've been quietly tracking us ever since we were on the shore?Bruno: Looks that way.Bruno: They probably grew impatient because I wouldn't just say where the money is.Bruno: They intend to get rid of everyone but me, then make me cough up the location.Bruno: And they can take their time, since we're on the ocean with nowhere to run.Abba: Are you saying Narancia and the others are dead?Bruno: I didn't say that.Bruno: But it's for ten billion.JoJo-main: ,They'd even k*ll someone from their own organization for that.Giorno: No, Narancia and the others are alive.Giorno: They're somewhere on this boat.Giorno: I don't know if this person is trying to use them as hostages,Giorno: but they're alive.Abba: Giorno Giovanna,Abba: how the hell can you be so sure about that?Giorno: I used my Stand to turn Narancia's shoe into a fly.Giorno: The fly is trying to return to its owner, Narancia.Giorno: If Narancia was truly dead, it wouldn't be flying around searching like that.Bruno: Can you locate him?Giorno: He's alive... He's alive, but...Giorno: It's not going down into the cabin or in the locker.Giorno: The fly's not trying to stop...Giorno: It keeps flying around that area looking for Narancia.Abba: What the hell is his ability?Bruno: Just shut up and listen.Giorno: Narancia is somewhere near the entrance to the cabin.Giorno: That's a fact.Giorno: But for some reason, the fly can't find him, so it's lost.Giorno: I think it's safe to assume that we'll find the enemy wherever Narancia is.Giorno: Which means the enemy isn't just randomly hiding behind something.Bruno: I see.JoJo-main: ,So if we don't figure out the mystery behind the enemy's ability,Bruno: getting too close without knowing could get us k*lled.Giorno: Correct.JoJo-main: ,But the fact that their ability requires them to att*ck while hidden is a shortcoming.Giorno: If we can figure out the mystery behind it, we'll be able to defeat them.Bruno: Abbacchio, your Stand...Bruno: might be perfect to defeat such an enemy.Giorno: Defeat?Giorno: Can you solve this mystery with your ability?Abba: Hard to say...Bruno: Damn it, Abbacchio!Bruno: You'd better not be hung up on stupid sh*t at a time like this!Abba: Stupid sh*t?JoJo-main: ,No.Abba: This has to do with my safety.Abba: I can't just carelessly reveal my Stand abilityAbba: in front of a stranger that I can't trust.Abba: Bucciarati,Abba: I don't know what made you trust this guy,Abba: but I don't consider him a part of the team.Bruno: If we don't figure out the enemy's location, we're going to be k*lled!Abba: And I'm saying that's just this untrustworthy brat's hypothesis.Abba: He just came up with it out of fear. He didn't see anything.Bruno: Abbacchio!Abba: The enemy is just hiding somewhere in the cabin.Abba: I'll find them and take care of them.Giorno: If we get close without figuring out the mystery, we're going to get kil—Abba: Shut your mouth!Abba: You stupid little brat...Giorno: I, Giorno Giovanna, have a dream.Abba: What are you talking about?Giorno: You can solve the mystery, right?Giorno: I'm counting on you!Bruno: Giorno!Bruno: What the hell are you doing?!Crunch,Sfx: RoarBruno: G-Giorno!Bruno: There's an enemy over there!Bruno: sh*t!Bruno: Giorno's in trouble!Bruno: Abbacchio...Abba: Giorno Giovanna... You're one crazy bastard.Abba: All this to prove yourself...Abba: What the hell is wrong with you?
