04x22 - The 'G' in Guts / The 'G' in GozzoQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 10:08Nara: It doesn't look like anyone's following us.Gio: Bucciarati, are we not leaving Venice?Bruno: The boss has his own personal elite guards.Bruno: I'm sure they've already learned of our betrayal.Bruno: They're probably... going to be coming after us next.Abba: But we don't know what kind of abilities they have.Bruno: Correct. If we try to cross the sea unprepared,Bruno: they might strike us there.Bruno: Let's wait and see for now.Gio: Understood.Two: Mista!Two: We're hungry!b*llet: I'm starving!Three: Feed us!One: Our guts are running on empty!Mista: Calm the hell down!Mista: I know this is really bad timing,Mista: but could we stop by a restaurant or something?Bruno: Well...Bruno: I guess we need to refill our guts, as well.JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio  The "G" in GutsMista: You guys have heard of vegetarians, right?Mista: Are they allowed to eat, like, cheese?Abba: Probably not.Abba: I mean, milk and eggs come from cows and chickens.Abba: That means they probably can't have cake that uses whipped cream, either.Mista: What?! They can't have cake, either?Mista: I wonder if their bodies actually function better, then.Nara: Then what do those guys do about shoes or handbags?Nara: Those are made from leather.Abba: Well, if they're vegetarians because they feel bad for animals,Abba: they probably wear sneakers and carry backpacks instead.Mista: Man, they're intense.Mista: So would you have old ladies dressing like basketball players, then?Mista: They'd never let them into a restaurant looking like that.Bruno: Giorno, being all scared won't make anything happen.Bruno: Let's just eat for now.Gio: Yes, I know... Still, we need to be on our guard.Gio: For example, there's a possibility someone could've poisoned our food.Guy: Y-You bastard! What the hell do you think you're doing?!Nara: Huh?Guy: What are you gonna do about this, you little sh*t?!Guy: You think you can pay for this?! This suit cost four million lire!Guy: Let's take this outside!Crunch,Sfx: SmashNara: You must be an enemy!Mista: What?!Nara: You an enemy?! Huh?!Mista: Well, are you?!Nara: You an enemy?! Take that! And that!Abba: Hold it, Narancia, Mista.Abba: I don't think this guy's an enemy.Abba: He's unconscious.Abba: He's totally just a random civilian.Nara: What? Are you serious?Nara: Crap! What am I gonna do?Mista: Yeah, this stain's gonna be hard to get out.Mista: A single drop of wine on a white suit really stands out.Nara: I can't pay for this sh*t!Mista: Well, the location of the stain might make it look like a button.Mista: If he puts a button there, he can hide it.Abba: While we're at it, let's get him to make sure there isn't any poison in our food.Mista: That's a great idea!Bruno: Hey, that's enough.Gio: More importantly...Gio: What's going on with Bucciarati right now?Gio: After that battle with the boss, Bucciarati's heart definitely stopped.Gio: And when he got hurt back there, there wasn't a single drop of blood.Gio: What about now?Gio: But right now isn't the best time to find out.Gio: I'll keep this secret to myself for now.Abba: So, Bucciarati, what are we going to do now?Bruno: The boss's Stand makes time disappear,Bruno: and the boss is the only one who can move freely in that state.Bruno: He's invincible.Bruno: It doesn't matter who it is.Bruno: Anyone's att*ck becomes useless before that Stand.Bruno: However...Bruno: That'll change once we find out who the boss is!Bruno: Because if we find out the boss's identity,Bruno: we might be able to assassinate him.Bruno: And to do that, we need to find outBruno: who he really is.Mista: But how are we going to find him?Mista: The boss is the type of guy who's gotten rid of any trace of himself.Abba: Trish.Abba: There must be some kind of hint involving Trish.Abba: Everyone was after Trish, and the boss was trying to eliminate Trish.Abba: Right?Nara: A-About that...Nara: I don't really want to involve Trish in this anymore...Nara: Th-This feeling sucks.Nara: Trish doesn't know anything!Nara: If she finds out her actual father tried to k*ll her, she'll be in shock.Nara: Bucciarati, please!Nara: Let's not talk about the boss's identity and stuff like that in front of her.Trish: There's no need for that, Narancia.Trish: I've already known that... for a while.Nara: T-Trish...Trish: I remembered something when you said he got rid of any trace of himself.Trish: My mother had mentioned that she met my father in Sardinia.Bruno: Sardinia...Trish: When I was little, my mother told meTrish: that they had met while she was vacationing,Trish: and he told her he'd be right back...Trish: But then he disappeared forever,leaving nothing behind,Trish: not even a photo or his name.Abba: Before he became the boss of the organization...Abba: Fifteen years ago...Abba: Then was he born and raised in...Trish: I'm not sure about all that, but...Trish: Sardinia. His past and true identity should be in Sardinia.Bruno: Why are you telling us that?Bruno: We might end up k*lling your father!Bruno: No, we are determined to defeat him!Trish: You defeating him or not isn't my problem.Trish: But... I want to know!Trish: I want to know who I came from!Trish: I'm not about to die before I find that out!Abba: Hey, Narancia.Abba: Looks like she's way stronger than you thought.Nara: Fine.Gio: Sardinia...Gio: That's our next destination after we escape from Venice.Gio: That's where we'll find out who the boss really is.Nara: I was under the impression that Trish was like me,Nara: but I guess she'd already made up her mind.Nara: I just followed on a whim, so I still don't knowNara: if there's any hope in this trip or not.Nara: Huh?Nara: An enemy! There's an enemy nearby!Nara: There's a shark in my soup!Nara: Li'l Bomber!Bruno: Giorno! Get Trish inside the turtle!Bruno: Abbacchio, cover the right! Mista, guard the left!Mista: Where, Narancia? Where are they?Nara: Inside the soup! They were somehow already in it!Mista: Where are they now?Nara: But they were there!Nara: There was something like a shark in my soup!Mista: I don't see anything strange about it.Mista: Does that mean we lost them?Crunch,Sfx: SwooshBruno: Narancia!Mista: What happened?!Mista: Narancia! Were you att*cked somewhere?Mista: Where did they get you?Mista: Narancia, what's wrong? What's there?!Mista: I'm asking you what's wrong, Narancia!Bruno: Hold it, Mista. I don't think Narancia can talk...Mista: What? You can't talk?Mista: What's wrong, Narancia? What are you pointing at?Mista: Water? You want a sip of water?Mista: H-Hey! Th-This is bad! Look!Mista: Narancia's tongue! It's gone!Mista: On top of that, I don't think he's breathing!Gio: This isn't good.Gio: I can use Golden Wind to create parts for his tongue,Gio: but it'll take time to finish.Mista: Hey, come on! He's about to suffocate here!Gio: Mista, do you have a pen?Mista: A pen?! Y-Yeah, I have one...Crunch,Sfx: s*abMista: Looks like he's breathing.Gio: I'll give life to this pen to create parts for his tongue.Gio: That way, he can breathe while I create his tongue.Squalo: I see...Squalo: So that's Giorno Giovanna.Tiziano: Now I'm starting to understand the information the boss gave us.Tiziano: We're going to have to be the most careful around that newbie kid.Squalo: Yeah... I'm a bit surprised he saved Narancia.Squalo: I thought my Crush would be enough for this job,Squalo: but apparently, I'm going to need your help eliminating all five of them,Squalo: Tiziano.Tiziano: As the boss's elite guards, we're going to have to defeat him here.Tiziano: Are you ready, Squalo?Squalo: All according to plan.Squalo: As long as we can lure them to water, Crush is invincible.Squalo: Our plan will decide everything.Squalo: We'll take care of them one at a time, Tiziano.Tiziano: Yeah, Squalo...Tiziano: We'll use Narancia.Sign: CrushSign: SqualoBruno: Are you all right, Narancia?Nara: Yeah...Nara: You guys saved me.Bruno: What did you see?Bruno: How did the enemy Stand att*ck?Nara: It... c-came from the soup...Gio: Narancia, don't force it.Nara: I-I'm fine. I can talk.Mista: Hey, Narancia, what's the enemy like?Mista: Where'd he run off to?Nara: He was...Nara: He was like a pebble!Nara: He was huge, and he ran into the restaurant!Mista: Huh? Huge like a pebble?Mista: But earlier, you were saying it was in your soup!Mista: You're contradicting yourself.Nara: Huh? Did I just say that?Mista: So, then... is the enemy about this big?Nara: Nope.Nara: Huh? No, wait!Mista: Then, like, this big?Nara: U-Um...Mista: No? Then, like, this big?Nara: Yup, exactly.Mista: So something this big was in your soup,Mista: and it went running into the restaurant?Nara: Yup.Nara: Huh? What?Bruno: We can't get a clear picture of this enemy at all.Bruno: Does that mean it was really fast?Nara: Nope! It was slow!Bruno: What?Mista: Huh?!Mista: If it was huge and slow, why didn't we see it?Mista: Did you actually see a Stand?Nara: Of course I did... n—Mista: You keep contradicting yourself!Mista: You're not trying to act tough because the enemy got you, are you?Nara: I... I...Mista: Answer me, damn it! You didn't actually see anything, did you?Nara: Of course I did...Nara: not...Mista: So you didn't actually see anything, after all!Mista: This is no time to screw around!Abba: There's no one suspicious nearby.Abba: Apparently, it's a remote-controlled Stand.Gio: That must mean that the user is watching us from somewhere.Gio: In that case, we should leave here immediately.Nara: Let's follow the channel out to the sea.Nara: Yeah, Giorno!Nara: Let's do it! Let's use the channel!Gio: Yes, Narancia. That's what I just...Gio: Narancia?Mista: Narancia, why do you keep covering your mouth?Mista: Let me see it.Mista: What the hell? It's completely normal.Nara: Yup! I'm totally fine!Nara: There's no problem at all, Mista!Abba: So, what are we going to do, Bucciarati?Abba: Are we going out to sea?Bruno: No. Let's not follow the channel just yet.Bruno: This is our chance.Bruno: We're going to use it to defeat that enemy!Bruno: The boss wasn't expecting our betrayal,Bruno: which means there probably aren't that many members of his elite guard here.Bruno: If we defeat him now,Bruno: I'm sure we'll be able to get through the seas of Venice just fine.Mista: I see. You have a point. I agree.Abba: Yeah, I agree.Gio: Very well, Bucciarati.Gio: If you say so.Bruno: Abbacchio, could you use your Moody Jazz to replay what happened?Abba: Yeah, sure.Abba: Where do you want to start?Abba: From when the soup was still on the table?Bruno: Yeah.Abba: What the hell, Narancia?Nara: Guys! The enemy's right over there!Abba: Over there? You mean inside the restaurant's bathroom?Mista: Narancia, you damn well better have seen something this time!Nara: Yup, I did!Bruno: After them. We'll settle things with this enemy here and now.Mista: Come on, Giorno. Let's go.Gio: Right...Squalo: Well done, Narancia.Squalo: None of his friends realize that there's another StandSqualo: besides Crush, which travels from liquid to liquid.Tiziano: Yes, they don't realize that my Stand,Tiziano: Talking Mouth, is attached to your tongue and making you sayTiziano: the exact opposite of what you mean.Squalo: All right, I'm gonna go k*ll the rest of them. Grazie.Crunch,Sfx: {\fad(,)\shad\c&HDDB&}Sc{\c&HFD&}hw{\c&HBD&}in{\c&HEADC&}gNara: S-So that's what was going on! Damn it!Nara: They were using me to get everyone near the water, one by one.Nara: How dare you underestimate me?!Mista: I don't sense anyone here...abba: Let's at least figure out what the enemy looks like.Abba: Moody Jazz!Abba: Transform into whoever was in here a few dozen seconds ago, and pursue them!Gio: Narancia!Nara: Seeing who the enemy is through Moody Jazz is fine,Nara: but don't pursue them!Nara: If it gets into water, they don't stand a chance!Nara: In that case, I'll do everything I can to keep them away from water!Abba: Over here...Abba: Moody Jazz is transforming.Nara: Water's bad news! Don't look in there!Nara: Look at me! Look in here!Abba: What the hell? That's disgusting!Nara: Come over here, Abbacchio!Nara: Look in here!Abba: What are you talking about? Have you turned into some kind of pervert?Mista: We're trying to investigate because you said you saw the enemy in here!Mista: Did you really see them in here?Nara: Of course, I—Abba: Seriously, what is your problem?Abba: Bucciarati, there's a chance Narancia was just seeing things in here.Aba: We might be better off looking at the table if we want to pursue them.Bruno: Yeah.Mista: Cut the crap, Narancia!Mista: I'm not gonna let you take us all down!Gio: Narancia, what happened to your finger?Gio: Did you snag it somewhere?Gio: Here, I'll stop the bleeding.Nara: That bastard's going to try to use my blood to move.Nara: N-No! S-Stay back, Giorno!Nara: Yeah! Fix me right up, Giorno!Giorno: There's definitely something strange.Giono: Is something wrong with the inside of your mouth?Gio: They att*cked your tongue earlier. Does that have anything to do with it?Nara: Great job, Giorno! You're so intuitive.Nara: Just a little more...Nara: Just a little more, and Giorno will figure it out.Gio: But you're bleeding really badly.Gio: First, let's take care of that wound.Gio: Now, let me see it.Nara: No! You can't touch the blood!Gio: Come on, Narancia.Nara: This is bad! Stay back!Gio: Hurry!Nara: Li'l Bomber!Nar: Damn it...Gio: Narancia,Gio: you seem to be under att*ck by something,Gio: but there must be some reason you can't tell us the truth.Nara: Yes! He figured it out!Gio: Was there something left in your mouth from the first att*ck?Gio: Like, an ability that makes you say the opposite of what you mean?Nara: Yes! That's it, Giorno!Nara: Sh-sh*t! There's water from the pipe!Nara: Giorno!
