04x19 - White Album / White IceQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 09:46Giorno: We made it to Venice!Giorno: I'm diving into the canal!Gio: Mista! Please hurry up and get out of the car!Mista: G-Giorno! You... Your body's already...Gio: I'm sure you already know this, Mista,Gio: but our priority is to obtain the item.Gio: Getting that thing will lead to our victory.Mista: The disc is in there!Gio: We're surrounded by water, so it'll take a while for it to freeze.Gio: That's why I drove into the canal.Gio: Don't worry about me! Hurry and get out!Mista: Got it, Giorno. But I don't like your idea of victory!Mista: k*lling him, and the both of us living to retrieve that thing...Mista: That'll be our victory!Ghia: Like hell I'm gonna let you get away!Ghia: Just try and jump in, Mista!Ghia: I don't mind making a wager on whether or not you can swim faster than my ice!Gio: Sh-sh*t! Driving into the canal was a bad idea!Gio: This guy has no weak point when it comes to ice!JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio   White IceMista: Turn the car into a plant, Giorno!Mista: The hood of the car hasn't completely frozen over yet.Mista: Nurture a plant to life while you still can!Ghia: You're trying to grow vines to use them as ropes?Ghia: That's not happening!Gio: I-It's no use.JoJo-main: ,We need the right temperature to grow a plant like a vineJoJo-main: ,that'll grow fast enough to reach the bank.Gio: In this low temperature,JoJo-main: ,the only plant that'll grow is the short grass you'd find in a tundra!Mista: Who said anything about growing vines that reach the bank, Giorno?Mista: This is perfectly fine!JoJo-main: ,Short grass is exactly what I want!Mista: But I need more! More! More!Mista: If you don't want to die, get me more!Mista: If you don't grow more, we're gonna die, Giorno!Ghia: Gotcha! Too bad you couldn't grow it to the bank of the canal!Mista: Well done, Giorno! It froze over!JoJo-main: ,Now you won't die!Ghia: Th-That bastard! He froze some short grass to create a sled?Ghia: N-No... A snowboard!Ghia: Damn it!Mista: He's not going to let me get away so easily.mistA: Of course not...ghia: White Ice! Undo the ice temporarily!Gio: Th-Th ice...Mista: ...melted!Gio: Mista!Ghia: An extremely low temperature is a world of life or death!Ghia: Nothing can move in extremely low temperatures!Ghia: They can stop everything!Ghia: That's what makes my White Ice perfect!Ghia: It can even stop the raging ocean if I want it to!Gio: Hurry and get up on the bank, Mista!Gio: Mista!Gio: Gather up the grass that's floating in the water!Gio: The grass you were using as a snowboard!Gio: While you can fire the g*n in your right hand!Ghia: Give it up, Mista!Ghia: Do you still not understand that attacking me is pointless?!Crunch,Sfx: {\c&HEAC&\c&HED&}s*abMista: Gathering up grass... I see.Mista: Giorno, if you release your ability, the short grass turns back into car parts.Mista: Therefore, we can sh**t them into you!Ghia: What?!Mista: D-Did that do it?Gio: No, it's shallow.JoJo-main: ,I think we can at least get away for now,Gio: but Mista, this just bought us some time!Gio: Let's get the thing quickly, then get out of here fast.Gio: That same strategy won't work again the next time he catches up.Gio: Please go, Mista!Mista: The disc will show up somewhere if we destroy the lion statue.Mista: I'll retrieve it, then hide somewhere in the city.Mista: If I have a few dozen seconds, I can do this.Mista: But will hiding be enough to get away from that guy?Mista: It might just work, but it might not.Mista: More importantly, this guy's way too dangerous.Mista: It'll be even worse if he ends up running into Bucciarati and the others.Mista: We need to end him now!Mista: This is our only chance!Gio: Wha— Mista! What are you doing?!Mista: Your ability is perfect? That's impossible!Mista: If you've completely encased yourself in ice, how are you able to breathe?Mista: There it is. I knew it.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Air's leaking out.Mista: He's breathing from there, the back of his neck.Mista: Take your positions, Six b*ll*ts!Mista: Number One and Number Two, go around and flank him!five: Wah, he's looking over here!Six: He's gonna do another ice att*ck!Mista: No, first, he's probably going to go up for air.Mista: Once he rises to the surface, I'm gonna put a b*llet in his head!Seven: He's trying to go up to the surface!Mista: Let's go, b*ll*ts!JoJo-internal/narrator: ,We're aiming for the moment he takes a breath of air!Three: Mista!JoJo-main: ,Number One and Two are saying they can't see the hole!One: It must be due to his posture! He's facing up right now!JoJo-main: ,The hole's hidden!Two: Sh-sh*t! Let's scram!Mista: Oh, shut up!JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Stay in your positions, Number One and Number Two!Ghia: How dare you do that to my forehead?!Gio: Mista!Ghia: What the?!JoJo-main: ,You sh*t some fish that were swimming around?Ghia: What the hell are you trying to do?!One: He looked down! We can see it!Two: It's the hole! Now!One: Here it comes!One: We can do this!Crunch,Sfx:GwooomBoth: We did it! Bullseye!One: Th-That sound...Gio: That sound... It can't be!Ghia: So you found my breathing hole and went after that...Ghia: Mista!Ghia: But extremely low temperatures stop everything!Ghia: Gases turn to liquids, and liquids turn to solids!Ghia: Take a closer look. Can't you see the air that's stopped?Gio: The b*llet, Mista!JoJo-main: ,That's the sound of a ricocheting b*llet!Mista: What?!Ghia: White Ice... Gently Weeps!Gio: Mista!Ghia: I'd already created a wall of frozen air!Ghia: It uses up quite a bit of my Stand's power,JoJo-main: ,but now nothing can sh**t a bolt into me!Ghia: Anything that comes near me will stop!Ghia: This is a lesson I learned from you, Mista!Mista: Giorno was right.Mista: This is all my fault... This is my responsibility.Mista: If only I'd prioritized getting that thing...Ghia: It's not under any trash cans or benches.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,I can't find anything of importance,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,and they wouldn't hide it out in the open, anyway.Ghia: But considering how much Mista is hurrying,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,I just realized it must be in the immediate area.Ghia: Where is it? This photo should be a hint...Gio: sh*t. This is the worst possible scenario.Gio: Mista's currently acting out of despair.Gio: He's decided to take responsibility for this, even if it costs him his life.Gio: But the only ones who can open up a pathJoJo-internal/narrator: ,in the darkness are those with resolve.Gio: Things are getting interesting.Gio: We're going to have to make some sacrifices,Gio: but my resolve, as well as Mista's,Gio: will open up a path in the darkness!Sign: GhiaccioSign: White IceGhia: What the hell is this?JoJo-main: ,It was embedded in there?Ghia: In one of the cuts or gaps in the statue?Mista: Damn it! If I'm close enough,JoJo-main: ,I should be able to sh**t into the hole in his neck again!Mista: If I can just get close enough to aim through the wall of air...Gio: Mista's getting reckless.JoJo-main: ,He's willing to take responsibility for this at the cost of his own life.Gio: But this isn't just determinationresulting from him being cornered.JoJo-main: ,It's resolve!Gio: We need resolve right now!Gio: Resolve doesn't mean sacrifice!Ghia: A computer disc!Ghia: I knew it! The thing you were trying to get was something to tell youJoJo-main: ,how to get to the boss!Ghia: I did it! Now we can find out who the boss really is!Ghia: All that's left now... is Trish!Ghia: Right after I finish you bastards off!Ghia: Come at me with all your futile attempts!JoJo-main: ,Let me finish you off!Gio: Mista!Ghia: What the hell are you doing?!Gio: Having resolve is the ability to open up a pathJoJo-main: ,we need to follow within the darkness!Nar: Guido Mista: arrested at  for m*rder.Nar: The result of the trial:Nar: they did not see his actions as self-defense,Nar: and he was sentenced to to  years in prison.Mista: My happy-go-lucky youth...JoJo-flashback: ,Is this really my fate?Nar: Mista always had an optimistic view of life,Nar: but in this moment,he didn't know what to do.Mista: Damn it.Guard: Get up. You're being released.Mista: You're the one who bailed me out?Bruno: Yes. I saw the incident on the news and decided you acted out of self-defense.Bruno: It means you are incredibly skilled with a p*stol and full of life.Bruno: But a guy like you probably wouldn't last two years in prison.Bruno: That's why...Mista: You pulled some strings.Mista: Do you belong to some organization?Bruno: Come with me.JoJo-flashback: ,There's an excellent ristorante nearby.Bruno: I like the way you eat.Bruno: The bruschetta here is great, too. Do you still have some room?Mista: Yeah.Bruno: Pardon me.Guy: Yes, sir?Bruno: Could I get some bruschetta for him... I should get some for them, too.Bruno: Could I get four orders of bruschetta?Bruno: No, make that five. I guess I'll get an order for myself.Guy: Right away, sir.Bruno: So, continuing our conversation...Mista: I'm in.Mista: I think you and I will get along great.Mista: So, I'm in.Mista: On one condition, though.Mista: Treat me to some dolce, too.Mista: Does this place have strawberry cake?Bruno: You sure are an odd one.Mista: I guess this must be fate, too.Mista: This isn't so bad. Everything worked out in the end.Nar: Mista learned that people have predetermined destinies.Nar: When they're young,Nar: people may find themselves at a standstill or taking the long way around at times,Nar: but they ultimately end up traveling the path they were destined to walk.Mista: I can see it! I can see the path perfectly!Mista: I can see it for sure this time!Mista: It's there, Giorno!JoJo-main: ,I see the path I need to take through the darkness!b*ll*ts: Yeehaw!Sfx: BatoomSfx: BamSfx: BamSfx: ShankSfx: cr*ckSfx: cr*ckGhia: You guys don't seem to understand.Ghia: The air is frozen because of the extremely low temperature.Ghia: Just like this.Ghia: If I put air that's been frozen solid in my suit and melt it,Ghia: the air turns back to normal!Ghia: If I take it in like this...Ghia: Just like a diver who has an air t*nk on their back,JoJo-main: ,I don't need a breathing hole anymore!Seven: The hole!Three: He deflected the b*ll*ts!Six: Six of them! O-Oh, no!Ghia: I hope you have the resolve for this, Mista!Ghia: It's over.Mista: Yeah, my resolve is there, Giorno.Mista: If you hadn't given me your resolve,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,I wouldn't have been able to see this path.Mista: The path toward the resolve to be willingly sh*t by my own b*ll*ts...Ghia: I-I can't see!JoJo-main: ,The blood's frozen to me and hardened...Mista: The path through the darknessJoJo-main: ,isn't the path for the b*ll*ts to get through your wall of ice.Mista: I-It was to splash your face with my blood!Ghia: sh*t! I can't get it off!One: Hey, the metal pole from earlier!Two: Mista, your b*llet carved it into a—Ghia: Ow! That hurts!Ghia: Something... Something... Something... Something lukewarm is—Mista: You asked me if I had the resolve for this...Mista: Well, let me show you!Mista: But you'll have to show me some resolve, too.Mista: The resolve to be filled with holes and depart for the next world!Ghia: Th-That bastard's still standing!Ghia: He's hell-bent on shoving me back even farther!Ghia: Is he insane?! He's determined to finish this!Ghia: sh*t! I need to get this out of my neck!Six: You're crazy! The b*llet's gonna come flying back!One: You're not gonna last!Mista: I have to make it through.JoJo-main: ,Starting now, I'm showing my true resolve!Mista: Steel yourselves, b*ll*ts!Ghia: White Ice... Gently Weeps!One: Y-You can't take any more, Mista!Three: You're going to lose consciousness!Two: We're also...Six: ...going to disappear!Mista: N-Not yet!JoJo-main: ,I'm still conscious! I can still sh**t him!Five: Y-You did it!Two: It went all the way in!Ghia: You're... wrong...Ghia: The one with stronger resolve... is me...Ghia: Guido Mista...Ghia: I'll commend you for... pushing me this far...Ghia: But the one who took better advantage of all the spurting blood... was me!Ghia: I froze the blood that spurted out of my neck to support me!Ghia: Now my neck won't get pushed farther onto the spike!JoJo-main: ,I'm totally secured!Ghia: The spike won't go any farther in!Ghia: Also... Haven't you forgotten something?Ghia: The b*llet you sh*t last is still...Ghia: Straight into your head!Ghia: I win!Ghia: There's no wound?!Ghia: Wha—Gio: Mista...Gio: Your resolve is shining upon the path,Gio: even brighter than this rising sun.Gio: And it's shining on the path...Gio: that we're meant to take!Ghia: What the hell?!Gold: Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless! Useless!Mista: Recently, I... started noticing...Mista: that despite Giorno Giovanna...Mista: being a newbie...Mista: things always seem...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,to play out exactly how he says.Mista: The resolve I showed just now was also partly Giorno's.Mista: It was making its way into my heart before I even realized it.Mista: It almost feels like he's my capo, even more so than Bucciarati,Mista: and he kept me moving.Mista: What the hell is his deal?Mista: Well, I guess that doesn't matter right now.Mista: It's not my style to think too much about stuff.Gio: Mista, we safely retrieved the disc, thanks to you.Mista: Hurry and fix me up. I-I can't breathe...Mista: I wouldn't have been able to show that resolve without your ability.Mista: Hurry and fix me up, before I actually die...Gio: Of course. But I'd like to clear something up first.Gio: Golden Wind doesn't exactly fix things.JoJo-main: ,It creates parts of your body.Gio: I'll give life to the b*ll*ts embedded in your bodyGio: and plug up the arteries and other parts that were destroyed.Mista: Just shut up and do it already.Giorno: Since I'm not exactly healing you, your pain will remain.Gio: Please don't complain to me later.Mista: Ow!Mista: O-Ow! Be more gentle! Be more gentle, damn it, Giorno!Gio: I told you, I can't.Gio: You're a gangster, for crying out loud. Please quit fussing.Gio: There are about  more wounds,JoJo-main: ,so you'll have to remove some of your clothes for me to plug the rest.Nara: Bucciarati! I'm picking up two signals...JoJo-main: ,It doesn't look like there's anyone else.Bruno: Proceed, but carefully.Bruno: I'm assuming it's Mista and Giorno.Bruno: I'm sure they're bored out of their minds waiting for us since nothing's happening.Mista: Ack! Giorno!Nara: There they are! Hey, Mista! Gio—Mista: Be gentler! Gentler, damn it!Mista: Don't take off my clothes! I'll feel it more!Bruno: Well, Narancia? Did you find those two?Nara: Huh? W-Well, u-um...Nara: No! Huh?! Suddenly there's something in my eye?Mista: Giorno, no! Don't! N-No more! I-I can't!Nara: I can't see! I can't see them clearly!Mista: Be gentler, damn it!Risotto_s_wherea,Sign: Risotto's whereabouts are unknown.Currently searching airports, train stations,and the area around Naples.Boss: Curse you, Risotto...Boss: You must be heading to Venice.Boss: If Bucciarati and his crew put an end to you, that's fine.Boss: Regardless, I'm not worried.
