04x16 - The Grateful Dead, Part 2 / Thankful Death, Part 2QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 09:38Pro: Pesci! What the hell are you doing?!Pro: Pesci!Pro: Hurry up and stop the train!Pro: Pesci!Pesci: B-Bro!Pro: Stop the train!Pesci: Bro!Pesci: I-I don't know how to stop it!Bruno: Now you and your aging ability will both disappear.Bruno: Then my crew will return to normal, and Trish will be safe!Pro: You bastard...Pro: Bucciarati!Pesci: Bro!Bruno: What?!Pesci: Prosciutto!Pro: W-Well done, Pesci!Pro: Excellent work! That was quick thinking!Pesci: That was close...JoJo-main: ,I almost didn't make it, but thank goodness I managed to hook him!Pesci: Now my hook will never let him go!Pesci: B-But this is definitely the weight of two people!Pesci: Bucciarati must be hanging on, too!Pro: I seriously thought I was done for, Bucciarati.Pro: I called you a failure of a capo, but I take that back now.Pro: I apologize for my rudeness.Pro: You are able to make decisions impartially.Pro: You're even able to risk your own life.Pro: The boss made the right decision, leaving Trish in your hands.Pro: I'm actually astonished.Pro: However, Bucciarati...Pro: You're an unlucky capo!Pro: Now, fall into the hell of  kilometers per hour!Bruno: Zipper Man!Pro: Did you forget?JoJo-main: ,You're still aging as we speak!Pro: Too slow!Bruno: You know... I was saved by that line your little bro sent out.Pro: He wasn't aiming for me.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,Could I actually be the unlucky one?Pro: There was no way Mista should have been alive!Pro: I fired three b*ll*ts straight into his head.Pro: The fact that he's alivePro: is as messed up as someone saying the sun rises in the west!Six: I happened to let him knowSix: that the energy from an att*ck on the lineSix: gets sent back to the one who's hooked!Pro: Impossible!Pro: Bucciarati!Pesci: It's one person lighter now!JoJo-main: ,We must've thrown Bucciarati off!Pesci: We did it, Prosciutto!Bruno: Looks like the aging is wearing off.Six: Now we just have to deal with the fishing hook guy!Bruno: Yeah.Pesci: Earlier, my Fisher Man's hook definitely dug into Bro's right hand...Pesci: His pinky was on the right side of the hook.Pesci: But right now...Pesci: The pinky is on the left side of the hook.Pesci: This is someone's left hand!Pesci: What the heck's going on?Pesci: Whose hand is on the other end?Pesci: How did Bro's right hand switch to his left?!Pesci: N-Now that I think about it... Bro also seems just a bit heavier...Guy: H-Hey, you!Guy: Make them stop the train! I think everyone on this train is sick!Guy: I'm starting to feel much better, but...Guy: I've lost some teeth!Pesci: Th-The aging has stopped!Guy: Hey, are you listening to me?!Guy: Have the driver stop the train, quick!Pesci: It can't be...Pesci: Don't tell me the weight that was flung from the line was...Pesci: It can't be!Pesci: It can't be! It can't be true!Pesci: Don't tell me that Bro...Guy: Are you listening to me, you dumbass?!Guy: I'm talking to you! You, right there!Pesci: My bro, Prosciutto!Pesci: What should I do? What should I do?Pesci: What am I supposed to do?Pesci: No way! The guys inside the turtle are going to come out, too!Pesci: Wh-What should I do? What should I...Guy: What the hell are you even saying?!JoJo-main: ,I'm telling you to make them stop the train!Pesci: Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!Pesci: Shut up, damn it!Guy: You some kind of mammoni?!Guy: Fine. I'm starting to feel better, so I'll tell them my—Pesci: Wh-What's going on?Pesci: The aging hasn't stopped!Six: Bucciarati, y-you're...Bruno: Impossible...Bruno: Don't tell me... Don't tell me he...Bruno: What?!Pro: Thankful... Death...Pesci: Bro!Pesci: You were right, Bro... You were totally right.Pesci: You said we should neverJoJo-main: ,release our Stand ability once we've gotten a hold of them, even if we lose a limb...Pesci: Bro...Pesci: With the mess his body's in, th-there's no way he can survive...Pesci: He's going to die any second now,Pesci: and yet he isn't releasing his Stand's ability!Pesci: We have to get Trish, no matter what, right, Bro?Pesci: We can't turn back now...Pesci: I get it now, Prosciutto!Pesci: I understand your resolvePesci: not as mere words,Pesci: but within my heart.Pesci: Once we think of k*lling someone, Bro,Pesci: the deed has already been done!Pesci: That's the first time I did someone in.Pesci: But it wasn't as big of a deal as I thought it'd be.Pesci: And now, there's no one leftPesci: to call me a mammoni.Sign: PesciSign: Fisher ManPesci: I'm going to settle this once and for allPesci: before Bro's ability disappears!Six: Bucciarati! You need to hurry up and remove that hook!Bruno: Yeah.Pesci: You opened up your hand with a zipper.Bruno: He can tell what I'm trying to do?Pesci: I'll read all of his actions!Pesci: I'll make the hook travel from his hand down his wrist and to his forearm!Six: The hook's traveling further up your arm!Pesci: The hook is out again!Bruno: It's no use. Whenever I try to get the hook out,JoJo-main: ,he reads my moves within a few centimeters!Bruno: And he's powerful!pesci: I'm not going to lose track of your body!Pesci: And I'm going to get Trish and make sure Prosciutto's will is seen through!Six: Bucciarati! The bastard down there!Six: If we finish him once and for all, Giorno and the others will stop agingSix: and take care of the fishing line guy!Bruno: I know, but that's provingquite difficult to do, too!Pesci: I'll make you suffer the same agony my Bro is going through!Six: Bucciarati!Pesci: He's hanging on to something.Pesci: In that case... You can just go up!Six: You're heading right for those electrical wires!Pesci: Get chopped in half!Pesci: I felt an impact, but he didn't get chopped in half or fall off.Pesci: I feel a heartbeat through the line.JoJo-main: ,Bucciarati is still alive.Pesci: He's entered the train!Six: That was close, Bucciarati!Six: At this point, we're gonna have to face him head-on!Bruno: Yes... But that's going to be difficult, as well.Bruno: We won't make it in time.JoJo-main: ,The hook has now entered my chest!Six: What?!Pesci: The distance between the hook andyour heart is now twelve centimeters...JoJo-main: ,Eleven centimeters...Bruno: I underestimated the situation.Bruno: The enemy that posed a greater thr*at on this trainJoJo-main: ,wasn't the one who could age everyone.Bruno: The one who's even more terrifyingBruno: is the guy using this fishing line!Six: So what are you gonna do?!JoJo-main: ,The hook's gonna dig into your heart soon!Pesci: Nine centimeters, eight centimeters...Bruno: Then I don't have any choice.Bruno: In order to defeat his ability,Bruno: I'm just going to have to show himBruno: that my resolve is superior to his!Bruno: Zipper Man!Six: What the hell are you doing?!Six: Bucciarati!Pesci: He disappeared!Pesci: I can't feel his pulse or the vibration from his breathing...Pesci: Why?!Pesci: How did I lose his presence?Pesci: How?!Six: How can you do something so insane, Bucciarati?!Six: I know there's no other way...Six: But seriously, are you going to be okay?!Bruno: Quiet... down.Bruno: Wait until he goes away.Bruno: This is what it means to have resolve... Number Six.Pesci: Damn it, I can't find him!Pesci: Bucciarati can go anywhere with his zippers!Pesci: Could he be heading here from s-some direction?Pesci: No, wait. Calm down...Pesci: Jumping at shadows is a sign of weakness!Pesci: That's what Prosciutto would tell me!Pro: Be more confident, Pesci.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,It doesn't matter if you're on a moving train.JoJo-internal/narrator: ,I'm sure you can find him by sensing his heartbeat.Pesci: That's what he'd say!Pesci: There's no way Bucciarati can move quickly right now!Pesci: He must still be somewhere near the hook!Six: H-He's extending the line even further!Six: Quickly, pull yourself together and run!Bruno: For now...JoJo-main: ,he's lost sight of me.Bruno: I can make it through this as long as I don't move.Bruno: The fact that I'm not doing anything right nowBruno: shows my resolve.Pesci: His heartbeat, his pulse... Look for those two things.Borgh,Sfx: BorghPesci: Got one! But that's not him!Pesci: The weight isn't right.Pesci: It must be another passenger!Pesci: This is... It's weakened, but that's the sound of a heart!Six: N-No! He's going to find your heart!Six: How could you do such a thing?!Six: He said he wasn't going to do anything,JoJo-internal/narrator: ,but he chopped his heart in half to stop it from b*ating.Six: This is insane!Six: How long can humans live when their heart and breathing have stopped?Pesci: D-Damn it! It's not there!JoJo-internal/narrator: ,I don't sense anything else moving in that room!Pesci: D-Did he move somewhere else using his zippers after all?Six: Y-You're reaching your limit!Pesci: Where the hell did he go?!Pesci: Don't tell me that BucciaratiPesci: actually managed to finish off Prosciutto...Pesci: Once the aging stops, the rest of Bucciarati's guys will step out of that turtle!Pesci: God damn it!Pesci: I'm not gonna let that happen!Six: W-We did it! He gave up on this cabin!Six: Your resolve made him search elsewhere!Six: You managed to make it through!Six: Hurry up and zip your body back together! Hurry it up!Bruno: Un...believable...Bruno: How unlucky...Six: Bucciarati! Pull yourself together!Six: My only expertise is controlling b*ll*ts!Six: I don't have enough energy to move stuff that's bigger than me!Bruno: He was more stubborn than I thought...Bruno: He's... won...Pesci: Stop, you damned train!Six: What the heck?!Pesci: B-Bro!Bruno: This was definitely a difficult pathBruno: that I wouldn't have been able to traverse without some luck.Bruno: The path leading closer to you, that is.Pesci: You're going to pay, Bucciarati...Six: You got close to him! Your resolve won out, Bucciarati!Pesci: ...right in front of Bro, before he's gone for good.Six: What the hell?!Pesci: I'm surprised you were able to see through that att*ck!Bruno: His eyes and face...JoJo-internal/narrator: ,They look as if they've come through ten years of endless bloodshed.Bruno: I feel such intensity and calmness from his eyes.Bruno: Trickery won't work against him.Pro: Do it... Victory is in your hands... Pesci...Pro: Do it... I'm watching... over you...Pesci: I will m*rder you!Six: What?!Pesci: I knew you'd do that!Pesci: Going up someone's arm to get to their heart was a surefire planJoJo-main: ,I've been using because I was less confident and I thought I'd miss otherwise!Pesci: When I'm confident I won't miss, I go straight for the heart!Pesci: Right now, I'm going to go straight for everything!Pesci: I'm gonna m*rder you! I'll rip your heart out, Bucciarati!Bruno: You're supposed to say that after you've actually done it.Bruno: In the world of gangsters, that is.Pesci: Did I... lose?Pesci: Am I... going to die?Pesci: But... I'm not... just going to die!Pesci: Go ahead... and take her... and run...Pesci: I'll let Trish live...Six: He's got the turtle!Trish: Wh-Where am I?Pesci: But before I die...Pesci: I'll leave your heart in despair!Pesci: The despair of losing your crew!Pesci: I'm going to smash this turtle to pieces!Six: Holy sh*t! That's not good!Bruno: Earlier, I saw nobility and resolve that was hardened like a diamond, shining in your eyes.Bruno: But you've fallen.Bruno: Now you're just a piece of sh*t.Pesci: Fallen? Fallen, you say?!Pesci: The only ones who are going to fall and get crushed are these bastards!Pesci: You won't make it in time! I hope you enjoy hell, Bucciarati!Bruno: You're going to fail, no matter what, when you're a piece of sh*t.Bruno: Arrivederci._Goodbye_,Sign: "Goodbye"Prosciutto____De,Sign: Prosciutto –Dead\h\h{\fs}Stand Name: The Thankful Death{\fs}Pesci –Dead\h\h{\fs}Stand Name: Fisher ManBruno: As I figured, we won't be able to continue riding this train.Six: Yeah.Six: There's no way they haven't contacted the rest of their crew.Bruno: I'm sure they told the others about our destination and the turtle.Bruno: We'll have to use another form of transportation from here.Trish: There's something I want to ask you.Trish: Are you willing to give me an answer?Bruno: I haven't been given permission to answer any of your questions.Bruno: Our mission is solely to be your bodyguards.Trish: You are going to answer me.Trish: Who am I?Trish: What the hell is this?Trish: What's this on the ground?Trish: Why can I suddenly see such bizarre things?Trish: Why is my life in danger because of a father I don't even know?!Bruno: As I thought... The boss's daughter is a Stand user.Trish: Answer me!Sign: Bruno BucciaratiSign: Zipper ManGuy: It's currently : PM.Guy: I got here twenty minutes after the train stopped.Guy: Prosciutto is dead next to the tracks.Guy: Parts of Pesci's body, which has been torn to pieces, are on the riverbank.Guy: Judging from the scene, the one who disposed of them is Bucciarati's Zipper Man.Phone: I see. Where are those guys and the girl?Guy: They're long gone.Phone: You gonna be able to track them, Melone?Melone: Yeah.Melone: Everything the two who have fallen managed to do will make tracking them possible.Melone: I've managed to collect a blood sample.Melone: Bucciarati's, that is.
