04x13 - Man in the Mirror and Purple Haze / Mirror Man and Purple SmokeQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/24/23 09:30Illuso: What are you looking for here?Fugo: I have no intention of telling you.Illuso: I see.Illu: Very well. There are still two others.Illu: I just need the last one standing to tell me.Illu: You're finished. Take this!Illu: Footsteps... Someone outside the mirror is running.Illu: Does that mean your friends decided toJoJo-main: ,abandon you so that they could go get something?!Illu: They're heading toward the dog mosaic.Illu: That settles it.Illu: Fugo, you're basically done for already.Illu: I'm going to go get whatever that thing is first!Fugo: W-Wait, you bastard!Fugo: Abbacchio... Giorno...Abba: Where is it? Where is this key?Abba: There it is. That must be it.Abba: A mirror?JoJo-main: ,Has that always been there?Illu: What is that? A key?Abba: What?Illu: I see.Illu: I guess I just have to take that key from you.Abba: That's... It couldn't be...Illu: Now that you've seen me,Illu: you're finished, too!JoJo-EpTitle,Sign: Episodio   Mirror Man and Purple SmokeAbba: Sh-sh*t!Abba: Damn it...JoJo-main: ,I'm starting to understand the enemy's ability.Abba: So he's inside the mirror...JoJo-main: ,Assuming that's even possible.Abba: Fugo must've been dragged into the mirror and disappeared,Abba: separating him from his Stand.Abba: Regardless, right now, I need to grab that key!Illu: Shattering the mirror actually worked in my favor, Abbacchio.Illu: Anything reflected becomes an entrance to this world.Illu: Now that it's in shards, I have even more entrances to grab you from!Illu: And I'll give you, and only you, permission to come into the mirror!Illu: There! I've brought you in.Illu: I'll be taking that key, too!Illu: Wh-What?!Illu: O-Only a Stand can grab the neck of another Stand!Illu: There's no way you could grab Mirror Man's neckwhen I'm the one who dragged you in here!Abba: Shattering the mirror didn't actually work in your favor!Abba: It just means the space you can look outside from became smaller!Abba: You couldn't see who you dragged in here, could you?Abba: You gave permission...JoJo-main: ,for just me to enter?!Illu: Th-That's...Abba: Grazie! I'll happily get dragged in!Abba: Moody Jazz!Illu: sh*t! That's a Stand!Abba: Inside the mirror...JoJo-main: ,So it's a world where everything's reversed.Abba: Of course we couldn't know.JoJo-main: ,There's no way we'd comprehend this ability until we were actually att*cked.Abba: Fugo must be in here, too.Abba: So, how do we get out of here?Abba: If I have to k*ll you to get out of here, that's fine.JoJo-main: ,That's why I sent Moody Jazz in there!Illu: The ability to transform into others...Illu: Well, sh*t. You got me.Abba: Looks like your Stand itself isn't that strong.Abba: So, what? Can it only defeat powerless humans?Abba: Well, what are you waiting for? Get on your feet and come at me!Illu: Listen up... Like I said at the start, you're already done for.Illu: I must say, I was a little surprised when it was your Stand that came in,Illu: but that doesn't change a thing!Illu: The reason I'm not standing is so that I can crouch down.Illu: I'm crouching because I need to!Abba: Well, yeah.Abba: You're bent over to make it easier to kick you.Illu: I was crouching so I could pick up this shard of the mirror!Illu: Hey, why are you so surprised?Illu: Is it because I have this arm?Illu: I'm sure you're very familiar with this arm!Illu: I told you! Anything that reflects becomes an entrance!Illu: If I can get your reflection with a different shard,Illu: that becomes another entrance!Illu: Do you get it now?Illu: It's your arm that I dragged in here!Illu: To make sure you can't move about, I'll only allow half of your body to come in.Illu: As for your Stand, I permit half of it to get out!Illu: Now your Stand won't be able to move!Illu: The key's mine!Abba: Damn it. He's going to take the key.Abba: That doesn't just mean we failed the mission.Abba: It also means that Giorno will end up being correct!Gio: And I humbly decline!Gio: We're going to solve this mystery, save Fugo, and defeat the enemy!Gio: That's the best way to ensure we're all safe!Abba: Damn it... My pride's not going to stand for that!Abba: I'm not letting him have that key!Abba: I swear on my pride and my dignity that I, Leone Abbacchio,Abba: will protect this key!Illu: It's true. Because Mirror Man uses all its energy to drag someone in,JoJo-main: ,it doesn't have much destructive power. That is indeed one of its traits!Illu: But if I do this to you, we don't exactly need strength to k*ll you off instantly!Illu: If we just s*ab this in with the strength of a four-year-old child, it's pretty easy.Illu: I win! Thanks for telling me where the key i—Abba: Something wrong? Go on, finish me off!Illu: What the hell are you doing, Abbacchio?!JoJo-main: ,How dare you hide it from me?!Illu: Even if you can move with your current body, it won't be much!Illu: I'll be able to tell immediately! Get it?!Abba: Hide?Abba: What are you talking about?Abba: What exactly did I hide, and where?Illu: What the hell are you doing, you bastard?Illu: Let me see that hand!Illu: Seriously, what the hell are you doing, you bastard?!Abba: Did you lose something?Abba: Did you find what you were looking for? Well?Illu: Why did he do that to his own hand?Illu: Wait... If he chopped off his own hand,Illu: his Stand's hand outside the mirror is...Illu: It can't be...Illu: Its hand is gone!Illu: Don't tell me...Illu: I-It has the key!Illu: And it's going back!Illu: If I remember correctly, a newbie named Giorno is just around the corner!Illu: He chopped off that hand to give him the key?!Abba: You should've sliced open my throat when you had the chance.Abba: If you had, my Stand's hand would've stopped moving.Abba: Whoops, so close. But you're a bit too late.Abba: That was the sound of the key falling to the ground.Abba: The key is going to get picked up!Illu: That's some bullshit you pulled off!Illu: But I'm not letting that brat named Giorno get away!Illu: I'll drag him in here, too!Abba: Do you understand now, Giorno, you shithead?!Abba: All that matters is that one of us returns safely.Abba: If you return safely with the key...Abba: The most important thing is to fulfill the mission.Illu: Hey, Abbacchio.Illu: Can you even imagine what's going on over here?Illu: You sure have a loyal companion.Illu: After you worked so hard to deliver the key...Illu: What do you think's going on over here?Illu: Not a damn thing!Illu: That brat's not running away at all!Illu: It looks like he doesn't have a clue what's going on.Abba: Giorno! Get the hell out of here!Abba: Take the key and run!Illu: He won't hear you when you're screaming inside this mirror!Abba: Sh-sh*t...Illu: Now then, there are two possible actions I could take.Illu: First is disposing of Giorno after I get the key.Illu: Second is slitting Giorno's throat first, then safely retrieving the key.Illu: Let's see...Illu: I guess I'll slit Giorno's throat first!Illu: He's noticed me.Illu: I'll allow only Giorno to enter!Illu: I've dragged him in!Illu: Slice open his throat, Mirror Man!Illu: Wh-Wh-What?!Illu: H-He's... That's impossible!Illu: It's the virus! G-Giorno...JoJo-main: ,He's been infected by Fugo's Purple Smoke!Gior: You're not getting the key!Gio: And Fugo, Abbacchio, and I... will safely return to the others!Sign: Pannacotta FugoSign: Purple SmokeAbba: Giorno Giovanna... That brat doesn't understand anything!Abba: You're going to die if you infect yourself with Purple Smoke's virus!Abba: My heart d*ed along with him back then.Abba: I don't feel anything anymore.Abba: I don't feel a damn thing, even though I've lost my hand...Abba: The only time I can feel at easeJoJo-internal/narrator: ,is when I'm following the orders of something great and absolute.Abba: Because then, all I need to do is be a soldier who doesn't have to think for himself.Abba: Meaning...Abba: Getting the key and protecting the boss's daughter...Abba: Carrying out this mission is the most important thing.Abba: And yet Giorno... That stupid brat...Abba: He chose to put himself in danger toAbba: save Fugo and me, rather than taking the key back safely!Illu: Damn you, you stupid brat!JoJo-main: ,How dare you come in here infected?!Illu: Are you out of your damn mind?!Illu: Now I'm infected, damn it!Gio: Ah, yes. You seem to be experiencing the same symptoms as me.Gio: Apparently Purple Smoke's virus infects your whole body within thirty seconds.Gio: It's over now.Gio: It was over as soon as you dragged me in.Fugo: Shards of the mirror that Purple Smoke shattered...Fugo: Did Giorno put them back together?Fugo: When the enemy chased after Abbacchio, he took some shards with him.Fugo: Giorno must've realized that!Fugo: He then figured out the enemy's ability from that,Fugo: then infected himself with the virus andFugo: allowed himself to be dragged into the mirror!Fugo: Because there's no other way to defeat this enemy!Illu: Damn it! Of all the underhanded...Illu: But don't underestimate me.Illu: It's not too late yet.Illu: I need more resolve, but it's not too late yet!Illu: Mirror Man! Allow only me to leave this mirror!Illu: But don't allow the virus!Illu: The part of me that's infected is not allowed to leave!Gio: That's not good!JoJo-main: ,If he gets outside, the virus will be separated from him!Illu: Abbacchio lopped off his own hand to get the key.Illu: So, I, Illuso, c-can do the same thing!Illu: This is nothing!Fugo: Giorno! Grab him!Fugo: He got away...Fugo: Giorno... After you...Fugo: risked your own life to come in here...Gio: So... he stepped outside the mirror.Illu: Th-That was really close, but, ha!Illu: My resolve... My resolve wins in the end!Illu: This is nothing!Giorno: I figured he'd go outside.Gio: That's for the best, though. He's going down, no matter what.Gio: Now that he's stepped outside, there's a chance I might survive!Gio: Fugo! Now that he's outside, Purple Smoke can follow him!Gio: Finish him off!Fugo: I can't, Giorno.Fugo: I can't tell where he is from inside here.Fugo: I have no way to att*ck him!Gio: I know where he is.Gio: Golden Wind, who's outside, turned that brick into a snake.Gio: That's why it's moving.Gio: Snakes can tell where humans are by sensing their body temperature.Fugo: Got him!Illu: What?!JoJo-main: ,A-After I built up the resolve to chop off my own arm and came out here...Illu: This... This can't...Illu: S-Stop it! Stop! Damn it!Illu: I'm going to be infected! I-If that virus capsule bursts...Illu: I-It looks like luck hasn't completely abandoned me!Illu: If Mirror Man can stop this thing's punch even for a moment...Illu: If I can just block it once...Fugo: Let him have it, Purple Smoke!Illu: Mirror Man! Use everything you have left!Illu: I...Illu: I did it...Illu: I stopped it! Now I just need to take this arm...Illu: into the mirror!Illu: Huh?Illu: What?!Illu: What?!Illu: B-But I blocked its punch...Illu: After I built up the resolve... to leave the mirror!Fugo: W-We did it! We're outside the mirror!Fugo: We defeated him, so his ability disappeared!Fugo: B-But Giorno, Purple Smoke's virus has already spread throughout your body.Fugo: Once you've been infected, even I can't do anything about it.Gio: Yes, Fugo, and this is how it should be.Gio: This...Gio: Him leaving the mirror worked out for the best.Gio: Once I was infected and he dragged me into the mirror,Gio: his defeat was inevitable.Gio: But I was glad when he refused to admit defeat and left the mirror.Gio: Since the mirror world was undone before I d*ed,Gio: I was able to encounter this snake.Fugo: Th-That snake...Fugo: It's alive, even though it's surrounded by Purple Smoke's virus!Gio: I created this snake from the brick where Purple Smoke's capsule was broken.Gio: Since it was born from a place that was covered with the virus, it won't get sick.Gio: Do you know what that means?Fugo: That snake has immunity!Fugo: And if we take blood or cells from something with immunity...Fugo: We can create a serum that'll stop the virus from spreading!Gio: Golden Wind!Gio: Extract the serum from this snake and inject it into me!Fugo: Giorno Giovanna...Fugo: I thought he was some newbie that I just couldn't figure out,Fugo: but he comes up with the most insane ideas and pulls them off...Fugo: And there's something I can trust behind that.Fugo: It's not something that's spoken.Fugo: He has true loyalty within him!Fugo: Just like Bucciarati did back then!Fugo: Giorno! You have my utmost respect after risking your life!Gio: No, Fugo...Gio: I'm not the one who risked my life here.Gio: I just made a prediction and followed through.Gio: The one who truly risked his life here... was Abbacchio.Gio: His hand is in grave condition right now.Gio: He's the one who risked his life to protect the key...Gio: And if he hadn't carried the key all the way here,Gio: we couldn't have defeated the enemy.Gio: Please don't worry about me... and go tend to his wounds...Fugo: Giorno!Fugo: Are you okay, Giorno?!Abba: Damn it, Giorno...Abba: I was going...JoJo-main: ,to b*at the sh*t out of you...Abba: But with my hand like this, I guess I can't.Abba: I'll just have to do it later...Nar: Thus, they got the key they were ordered to retrieve!
