03x08 - Yukako Yamagishi Falls in Love, Part 1QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 19:22Oku: So that guy, Hazamada, saysOku: he doesn't know anything about the electric villainOku: that k*lled my big bro?Josu: Yeah. He said he's only ever talked to him on the phone.Oku: And you believed him, Josuke? Did you t*rture him?Josu: If Hazamada actually knew who that guy was,Josu: he would probably havealready come to silence him.Oku: R-Right... Just like my big bro.Josu: Yeah. Seeing as how Hazamada is alive,that proves he really doesn't know.Josu: But Hazamada did say this...Haza: Stand users, for some reason, seem to be unknowingly drawn to one another,flashback: ,even if they don't know each other.Haza: They say that you're bound to the person that you're goingflashback: ,to marry by the red string of fate, right?Haza: It's sort of like that.flashback: ,You just end up eventually meeting them.Haza: They might be an enemy, a friend, the guy who steps on your foot on the bus,Haza: or someone who just moved in next door.Haza: You just don't know.Haza: Morioh's not very big...flashback: ,I don't know how many Stand users are in this town right now,Haza: but no matter how they try to hide, they'll eventually show themselves.Haza: He knows that's going to happen eventually.Haza: He wants you to disappear.Oku:  it.Oku: What a coward.Oku: He needs to att*ck us already!Josu: But that also means that he's cautious.Josu: When guys like that att*ck,Josu: it's probably only when they're certain they're going to win.Oku: Oh?Oku: Hey, that's Koichi.Josu: Why's he trying to act all cool, drinking tea?Oku: Hey, Ko—Oku: What?!Oku: A... A girl?!Title: JoJo's Bizarre AdventureTitle: Diamond is UnbreakableTitle: Episode   Yukako Yamagishi Falls in Love, Part Yuka: Koichi, was me asking you to come here, um...Yuka: a bother?Koi: Huh? No, it's not a bother...Koi: But I was wondering what you needed.Josu: Wow, so Koichi's with a girl...Oku: That chick's in my class! Her name is Yukako Yamagishi.Oku: All right! Let's get a bit closer!Koi: If you wanted to see my notes on some homework,main: ,my grades aren't that good, and my handwriting's messy.Koi: If it's money, I can probably manage about , yen...Koi: Or did you want me to switch weekly duties with you?Yuka: That's not what this is about.Koi: Huh? It's not? Then what is it?Koi: If you need someone to take in a kitten or a puppy,Koi: we've already got a foolish dog named Police at home.Yuka: Koichi!Yuka: I'm just going to come out and say it.Yuka: Koichi...Yuka: I'm in love with you, Koichi.Koi: Huh?Oku: What?!Koi: U-Um... Uh, um... Wh-What?!Yuka: You're the only thing I think about all day, Koichi.Yuka: I've been so afraid to express these feelings...Yuka: But if I don't, I feel like my chest is going to burst.Yuka: I don't mind if you hate me.main: ,I just thought I'd be brave and tell you.Koi: Wh-What is going on? Did someone just confess her love to me?!Koi: To me?!Koi: I can't believe it, but she did just say that, right?Koi: I-I'm so happy...Oku: Why is it Koichi? You can't be serious! Come on!Oku: Even I've never had anyone tell me that!Josu: You don't have to cry about it.Josu: But seriously? I'm surprised, Koichi...Yuka: I'm sure that you must have a girlfriend, Koichi...Koi: Huh? I-I don't...Koi: But, um... Are you making fun of me?Yuka: I'm serious!Yuka: Koichi, your face has gotten sharper lately.Yuka: You look like a man with courage and conviction.Yuka: But you're also so cute when you smile.Josu: Yeah, she's definitely got a point.Oku: My face is pretty sharp too, isn't it?Yuka: I think the best thing about a man is his future.Yuka: And Koichi, your future is shining.Koi: Wh-When you speak that highly of me...Yuka: I'm sure you must hate girls like me that aren't cute.Koi: Huh? Not cute? That's not true...Oku:  it, she is cute!Oku: Just say yes already!main: ,That one has all the luck!Yuka: Do you hate me?Koi: Huh? Uh, n-no, I don't, but...Yuka: Then do you love me?Koi: Huh? Wait a sec... It's just that, um...Yuka: So you do hate me...Koi: Huh? That's not it!main: ,It's just, when you ask me that so suddenly—Yuka: Which is it?! Do you love me or don't you?!Yuka: Just answer me already!I've already told you so much!Yuka: I spilled my coffee! This is all your fault!Yuka: Um... I just got all worked up...I-I'm sorry. I'm just...Yuka: By the way, you will come see me again, right?Oku: Y-You know... I feel like a balloon that's been deflated.Oku: All my jealousy just flew away somewhere.Josu: Y-Yeah...Josu: Let's just pretend we never saw anything.main: ,Yeah.Koi: What's wrong with this cola?!Koi: Th-Th-There's so much... hair in it!Josu: Stand users are drawn to one another...Josu: Nah, it couldn't be.Chemistry_Lab,Sign: Chemistry LabYuka: It's me, Koichi.Koi: Y-Yukako!Yuka: What are you doing?Koi: Um, as you can see,it's my turn to clean the lab.Koi: Fourth period was chemistry lab.Yuka: Ah...Yuka: Koichi...Uka: I said some weird things yesterday.Yuka: Would you just forget all that?Yuka: I get that way when I think too hard.It's so embarrassing.Yuka: People are supposed to be more broad-minded.Koi: Uh, r-right...Koi: It was a little surprising,b-but I didn't think anything of it...Yuka: Will you still be friends with me?Koi: O-Of course! I would be honored, yes!Yuka: Thank goodness.Yuka: I was so worried about what I'd do if you hated me,main: ,I couldn't sleep all night.Koi: That's a bit dramatic.Yuka: And to make it up to you... Here.Yuka: I was up until this morning knitting this for you, Koichi.Yuka: Thank goodness! It's a perfect fit!Yuka: I knew your height and chest size, butI was worried how it would fit your shoulders.Charm,Sign: CharmYuka: I made you a good luck charm, too...Yuka: In hopes that you'll find a wonderful love.Yuka: I also prepared lunch so we could eat it together...Yuka: I bought this shrimp at the fish market this morning.Yuka: You can't find this freshness at a store.Yuka: See this flounder meuniere?main: ,I personally took out all of the bones, one by one, with tweezers.Yuka: Here. Say, "Ah."Yuka: Ahh...Koi: There's one thing I know now...Koi: Yukako Yamagishi, to be completely honest, is extremely strange!Yuka: Ahh...Koi: I have to hurry up and turn her down!internal/narrator: ,B-But if I eat this, it'll be like saying yes...main: ,Ahh!Koi: But if I refuse it, she'll probably get mad.Koi: What should I do?!Girl: Hirose!Girl: Why are you wasting time?Girl: You need to hurry up and throw this garbage away before class starts.Koi: I-I'm saved!Koi: R-Right! Right!Koi: I-I'd better go throw it away.girl: Ugh, you're useless.Girl: Here, give me that.Girl: I'll hold half of it for you.Koi: Huh? N-No, I'd feel bad...Girl: Just give it to me!Girl: I'm the class rep, so I'm the one who'll get yelled at.main: ,Ah!Koi: S-Sorry...Yuka: Hey, you.Yuka: Would you stop bothering Koichi?Girl: Koichi? You mean Koichi Hirose?Girl: I haven't the slightest idea what you're talking about.Yuka: I know what you're doing.main: ,The stench of a homewrecker is all over you.Girl: Homewrecker?! What are you talking about?Yuka: Listen well. If you ever come close to Koichi again,Yuka: I'll make sure you regret it.Girl: Just one second.Girl: I tried to be classy about this, but...Girl: Koichi Hirose?Girl: I couldn't care less about him!Girl: You have no right to tell me what the hell I can or can't do!Girl: foolishass!Girl: Ow!Girl: What was that?Girl: What is her problem?!Girl: She's not right in the head. She actually likes Hirose?Girl: Hmph. Hilarious. I'll tell the whole school!Girl: Huh?Girl: What is that?Girl: Something's hot... Something's wrong.main: ,Something's not right...Girl: It's insanely hot...Girl: W-Water!Girl: S-Someone! I need w-wa...Oku: Hey, Josuke...Oku: Looks like Yukako Yamagishi really was a Stand user.Oku: Her Stand has hair that moves.Josu: Yeah. But it doesn't seem like she'san enemy, or going to att*ck Koichi.Josu: By the way, Okuyasu, what are you gonna do about her hair?Josu: I can't fix something after your The Hand takes it away.Oku: She can't complain. I saved her from getting burnt to a crisp.Oku: Sorry, but I'm not a beautician.Signtop: ReSigntop: RevSigntop: ReverSigntop: ReverbSignbot: KoSignbot: KoichiSignbot: Koichi HiroSignbot: Koichi HiroseKoi: What am I gonna do?Year_____Englis,Sign: Year     English Exam    Answer SheetQuiz________Koi,Sign: Quiz      Koichi HiroseKoi: This is my English test from earlier.Koi: I'm worrying so much about Yukako,I can't concentrate on anything else.Oku: Even I did better! I only got  points, though.Koi: To be honest, I was a little happy at first.Koi: I'd never had a girl tell me she loved me before.Oku: I get that. I totally get that! So much it hurts!Koi: But I'm the one who let it come to this by not being up-front with her.Koi: I'm thinking about telling her straightKoi: that I don't like her or anything, so she needs to leave me alone.Josu: That's not a good idea, Koichi.Josu: If you say that, you're only going to add fuel to the flames of Yukako's passion.Josu: You'll piss her off.Koi: Y-You think so?Josu: Of course! Listen.main: ,Convincing Yukako Yamagishi not to use her Stand of hair for evil will have to wait.Josu: Right now, we have to figure out how to make her not hate you.Koi: But how?Josu: No matter how strongly she feels about you,Josu: if she gets an idea in her head that you're a disenchanting, horrible, boring guy,Josu: everything will be happily ever after, right?Koi: Y-Yeah...Josu: So you've just got to act thatway on purpose in front of her.Oku: Yeah, that totally makes sense!Oku: You're so smart, Josuke.Josu: Thanks!Josu: But hearing that from you doesn't make me feel better.Koi: I wonder what I need to do to make Yukako think I'm terrible.Josu: Well, most girls aren't intobad hygiene or mama's boys.Koi: I-I don't want her to think I'm a mama's boy!Koi: She might get mad at mymom and put her in danger!Oku: Then it's bad hygiene for you!Oku: Starting today, no more baths.Koi: Huh?!Josu: Yeah, and don't brush your teethor change your underwear.Oku: How about getting some lice or spiders in your hair?Josu: Having smelly socks is pretty bad.Oku: Maybe you should fart everywhere.Josu: Yeah, she'll totally hate that!Koi: Stop messing around! I'm serious about this!Oku: I'm being serious, too!main: ,You need a snotty nose and some drool, too.Koi: What?!Josu: If you don't want to do that, then you need to become a guymain: ,who seems like he doesn't have a future.Josu: You need to make her give up on you.Josu: We'll help you out. All right?Koi: Okay...Josu: What? Koichi Hirose did that? Unbelievable!Josu: He was really shoplifting? That's awful.Oku: Yeah! Koichi said so himself.Oku: He was talking about it like he was proud of it.Josu: You know what else?Koichi never keeps his promises.Josu: I lent him money, and he never paid me back.Oku: He cheats on his testsand steals girls' underwear.Oku: He's got no future. He's gonna bring about his own downfall.Josu: I'm gonna stop hanging out with him.Oku: I'll cut ties with him, too.Oku: Man, that girl is intense.Josu: Now as long as Koichi confirms he did all of this stuff by tomorrow,Josu: she'll give up.Koi: Josuke, Okuyasu...Koi: I hope they did a good job with all that stuff.Koi: I hope she actually gives up on me.Koi: What is that?Koi: My eyes are closed... Is this a dream?Koi: A woman?Koi: I-It's Yukako!Koi: I can't believe this. She's even showing up in my dreams...Koi: I can't rest at all!Yuka: It appears that your friends don't think too highly of you, Koichi.Yuka: But don't worry. You have me.Yuka: I'll properly discipline you and make you into a fine man.Yuka: You have something that other men don't.Yuka: You must live up to that potential.Koi: J-Josuke! This totally backfired!Koi: Where am I?Yuka: Koichi, are you hungry?Yuka: Breakfast will be ready shortly.Koi: O-Okay...Koi: She has that hair Stand...Koi: I'm going to have to wait for a chance to run.Koi: That's my only hope!Koi: Th-There's something I want to ask you.Yuka: Yes?Koi: Your hair last night... Wh-What was that?Yuka: Did that startle you?Yuka: Of course. I guess anyone who suddenly saw that would be.Yuka: Around February of this year,Yuka: someone sh*t an arrow through my chest.Yuka: No, that might have been a dream.Yuka: When I woke up, my wound was healed, and I was able to do that...Koi: Keicho Nijimura!koi: D-Do you know anyone else who can do anything like that?Yuka: No.Koi: She hasn't realized that I'm a Stand user!Yuka: Now, have a seat. You're a growing boy.Yuka: If you don't get proper nourishment,Yuka: you can't become a fine man for me.Koi: I-I just need to play along with her for now.Koi: Wow, this looks delicious! I'm digging in!Yuka: You're not eating just yet, Koichi.English_Exam____,Sign: English Exam    Answer SheetKoichi_Hirose,Sign: Koichi HiroseYuka: You got a  on your English exam.Yuka: Even if a man is more than just his brains, this is just awful.Yuka: I've decided to have you study while you eat.Yuka: Understand?Yuka: I'm going to give you some questions.Yuka: You'll choose the correct answer from boxes A, B, and C,main: ,and you'll eat what's inside your chosen box.Koi: W-Wait a sec...Yuka: You're going to do this!main: ,While you live in this house, everything we do must be for your betterment!Yuka: Right?Yuka: Here's your question.Yuka: Prince often sings the lyric "funky music." What does that mean in Japanese?Wild_Music,Sign: Wild MusicYuka: A: Wild music.Yuka: B: Primitive music.Primeval_Music,Sign: Primitive MusicYuka: C: Fantasy music.Fantasy_Music,Sign: Fantasy MusicKoi: I-If I disobey, I'll be in trouble...internal/narrator: ,B-But I have no idea what the answer is.Koi: I have a feeling it's A,but B and C also sound right.Koi: Whatever, I'll just pick one.Koi: I think it's B...Yuka: Squee! You're right!Yuka: I'm so happy! This box contains boiled eggs!Uka: I'll peel them for you. You want some salt, right?Yuka: By the way, if you had chosen box A, I would have had you eat this eraser.Wild_Music,Sign: Wild MusicKoi: Huh?!Yuka: Box C contained soap.Koi: Wh-What?!Yuka: Next, you'll be able to eat bacon and eggs. Do your best.Yuka: Question:  How is "contrast" (taisho) written in Japanese?Yuka: Is it taisho A, taisho B, or taisho C?Missing_Missing_,Sign: TaishoMissing_Missing_,Sign: TaishoMissing_Missing_,Sign: TaishoKoi: Sh-She's serious...Koi: If I choose the wrong box, she'll definitely make me eat what's in there...Yuka: Come on, hurry up and answer!Yuka: The food will get cold.Koi: U-Um, uh...Koi: What am I going to do? This is ridiculous...Koi: I-I think it's C...Yuka: Koichi, you just chose your answer bywatching the look on my face, didn't you?Koi: Huh?!Yuka: So the rumors about you being someonemain: ,who's sneaky and shoplifts and cheats on his tests is true!Yuka: As punishment, I'll have you eat both A and B.Yuka: A is English vocabulary corn flakes.Yuka: B is asparagus wrapped in pages from an English dictionary.Yuka: I'm going to make sure you learn while you eat!Yuka: Here!Yuka: Open your mouth! I'll feed it to you.Yuka: What's the matter? Eat!Koi: No way! You expect me to put up with this?! I can't take it anymore!Koi: I'm outta here!Koi: I-I'm being pulled! By my scalp!Koi: Th-There's moving hair mixed in!Yuka: That's right. I had planted a few hundred strands of my hair in your scalp.Yuka: Koichi,Yuka: you may come to hate me.Yuka: But once you leave this house,main: ,you'll see a much better man in the mirror,Yuka: and I know you'll thank me.Yuka: You'll realize that you need a woman like me in your life.Yuka: You won't be able to live without Yukako Yamagishi.Yuka: And just so you know, until you finish eating plates A and B,Yuka: you won't be getting the next dish.Yuka: This is some company president's holiday villa.main: ,No one will come here until summer.Koi: S-Summer?!Yuka: Even then,Yuka: it doesn't matter if anyone comes...Yuka: Because love is invincible.Koi: H-Help me!
