03x01 - Jotaro Kujo! Meets Josuke HigashikataQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 18:52dj guy: Good morning! Greetings, all. This is Morioh Radio,dj guy: and your host, once again, is me, your neighbor, Kai Harada.kai: What a refreshing morning.announcer: ,And I have the perfect song here to start off the day.kai: Here's our first song of the morning.taxi: Oh, there we go.taxi: We usually get good reception when we pass that tower.taxi: Is this your first time in Morioh, sir?jojo: Yeah.jojo: What kind of place is it?taxi: Morioh? Hmm...taxi: Oh! The beef tongue cooked in miso is good.jojo: Anything strange about it? Any incidents?taxi: No idea.main: ,Sorry, I actually don't know that much about it.taxi: Oh, where was I supposed to drop you off again?jojoj: In front of the station is fine.taxi: Understood.jojo: Good grief...jojo: I just hope nothing annoying happens.sign: Jojo's Bizarre Adventuresign: Diamond is Unbreakabletopinternal,koichi: In April of , on my very first dayof high school, I met two bizarre men.sign: Episode   Jotaro Kujo! Meets Josuke Higashikatakoichi: I finally start high school today...I wonder what the people will be like.koi: My name's Koichi Hirose.internal/narrator: ,Though you don't really have to remember that.koi: I was so nervous on my first walk to my new school that I...Bam,sfx: Bamkoi: Eh? H-Huh? That's strange. We just ran into each other,koi: and the things in my bag flew out...jota: Sorry I wasn't watching where I was going.koi: H-He's huge! He's over  centimeters!jota: I have a question.main: ,Do you know of a Higashikata household around here?koi: Higashikata? No...jota: Then how about this address?main: ,It's Johzenji -.Jotaro_Kujo,sign: JotaroKujokoi: Jotaro Kujo...koi: If you take the # bus, it'll get you to Johzenji.koi: If you wait a little while, it'll get here soon.jota: Thanks.koi: The first guy was this man, Jotaro Kujo.koi: I found this out later, but he's ,and he's a marine explorer.koi: He's famous in the scientific world for his ecological research.koi: He seems really wild, but intelligent... or cool, I guess.guy: Hey! Are you a new kid?guy: You better introduce yourself.koi: Y-Yes, sir! My name is Koichi Hirose,and I'm a new student.koi: Good morning, Senpai!guyb: All right. Well said.koi: S-So scary...koi: Oh, it's okay. They're getting on a different bus.guy: The hell are you doing, ?!guyb: Who do you think you are?josu: What am I doing? Well...josu: The turtle that lives in this pond woke up from hibernation, so I was watching it.josu: I don't handle turtles really well. I'm scared to even touch them.josu: So I was thinking it's about time I got over my fear...guy: That's not what I asked!guyb: Stand up, foolishass!guy: You're pretty tall for a first-year.guy: But before you have the nerve to dress like that...guyb: You foolish ! Who said you could wear that?guy: You need to talk to us first!jojo: W-Wait... I'm not a fan of reptiles.josu: They scare me...Slap,sfx: Slapguy: What are you smiling at?josu: I'm sorry. I had no idea, Senpai.guy: There are a lot of guysmain: ,I last saw in a hospital after they said they didn't know and were sorry.guy: You wanna end upmain: ,like this turtle?! Huh?!koi: Th-They're awful...guy: I'll let you off the hook this time.guy: Take off that jacket and the pants, and leave them here.guy: With your cash!josu: Yes, sir! I'm very sorry!jojo: That just means if you don't want them after you, don't dress like that.jojo: What pisses me off more is thatmain: ,he isn't even mad after what they did to that turtle.guy: Hey, wimp. Why don't you tell me your name?josu: Yes, sir.josu: Josuke Higashikata, from Class -B.jojo: What? Josuke Higashikata?ID,sign: Student ID Name: Josuke Higashikataguy: "Jo" and "Jo," eh?guy: Josuke, we're gonna call you "Jojo" from now on!josu: Okay... Thank you very much.guy: Hurry up and take off that uniform.guy: The damn bus is here.guy: If you don't hurry it up, I'm gonna shave off that Astro Boy hair, too.guy: Well, what are you waiting for? Hurry it up!josu: Hey, Senpai...josu: What did you just say about my hair?jojo: What? A Stand?!guy: My nose... My nose!josu: I won't let anyone get away with making fun of my hair, no matter who it is!josu: Did you say my hair looked like Sazae-san?guy: Huh?! No one said that...josu: I heard you, damn it!koi: What the heck? That punk just went flying.jojo: Some kind of Stand just appeared from behind him.koi: Huh? That turtle's wounds are...guy: What the heck?main: ,Where you got punched is going back to normal!guy: Hey, he's all better!guy: But does it look like it healed all weird?guy: His face looks kinda different.guy: Huh?guy: No way! What does it look like? Hey!josu: I had to touch that turtle,main: ,even though I didn't want to, thanks to you.josu: What are you gonna do about that, huh?!guy: Wait! My nose! What's it look like? Huh?jojo: Good grief. So he's...josu: Gah! That scared me!josu: Oh, it's just the turtle again.koi: I was right. That turtle's all better.jojo: Josuke Higashikata...jojo: Born in .main: ,Your mother's name is Tomoko.main: ,She was  at the time,and was going to college in Tokyo.jojo: You've lived here ever since you were born.jojo: In , when you were four, you came down with a fever due to an unknown cause,jojo: and for the next  days, no one knew if you'd survive or not.jojo: Your father's name is...jojo: Good grief. This is such a rotten role to play.jojo: Your father's name is Joseph Joestar.jojo: He's currently .main: ,He's the founder of Joestar Realty.koi: I've heard of him before.internal/narrator: ,Apparently he's a huge real estate mogul in the US.jojo: He's still doing all right,main: ,but when I was looking into howto split up his inheritance,jojo: I found out that he had a son in Japan, which would be you.jojo: He didn't even know about it himself.jojo: That old piece of ..main: ,Going on about how he'd only ever love his wife,jojo: yet I just found his son who wasborn when he was  years oldmain: ,as a result of an affair.jojo: Whoops. I guess I shouldn't have said that.jojo: My name's Jotaro Kujo.main: ,I guess, technically, I'm your nephew.jojo: How bizarre.josu: Nephew? Oh, uh... Nice to meet you.jojo: Let's talk while we walk.jojo: And so, eventually, you're gonna get a third of the old man's inheritance.jojo: I came here to tell you that.main: ,The whole Joestar household is in chaos since the old man's affair came to light.josu: It's in chaos?jojo: Yeah... My grandma, Suzie Q,is the angriest she's ever beenmain: ,in their  years of marriage.josu: I-I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry I've caused such a fuss!jojo: Hey, now. Hold up.jojo: Why are you suddenly apologizing?josu: Well, I mean, causing trouble in a family is no good.josu: My mother has told me that she was in love when she gave birth to me.josu: I accept that, too.josu: Could you tell, uh, my dad, um... Mr. Joestar, I mean,main: ,that he doesn't have to worry about us?josu: That's all.jojo: What's with this kid?jojo: I came here prepared to takea punch intended for the old man,jojo: and instead, he's actually apologizing?girl: Hey, it's Josuke!girl: Oh, it is!girl: Josuke!girl: How are you?girl: Talk about a coincidence!girl: Let's go to school together.girl: Your hair looks as cool as ever.girl: You're looking sharp.girl: You're so different from the other guys.josu: Um... I'm actually in the middle of something important right now...girl: Huh? What the heck?girl: If you don't hurry, we're going to be late.girl: You can talk later.jojo: Hey, Josuke.main: ,I'm not done talking to you yet.Run these girls off.girl: What's his problem?jojo: Hey, have your stupid talk about hair later.girl: H-He actually said it.girl: He talked about his hair!josu: You...josu: What were you saying about my hair, huh?!girl: This isn't good.girl: Don't blame me!girl: Josuke hates people insultinghis hair more than anything else.koi: It's just like what happened earlier!jojo: Hold it, Josuke.main: ,I wasn't insulting you...jojo: ! Here it comes!Missing: ,Bashgirl: Josuke!girl: There's blood!jojo: Did you see it, Josuke?main: ,This is called a Stand.jojo: It's the physical manifestation of your psychological energy.jojo: Joseph Joestar has one, too.jojo: Stands can only be seen by other Stand users.josu: It pisses me off when someonetalks bad about my awesome hair.josu: I can't even help it!jojo: So this is Josuke's Stand!jojo: Th-This power...josu: You're wide open from your chin down!jojo: villain!josu: What?!koi: Huh?girls: When did that happen?girls: What's going on?josu: When did y—girl: Josuke!girl: No!girl: Josuke!jojo: Shut up!main: ,It pisses me off when girls freak out!Get out of here!girl: Fine...girl: It seems like they know each other.girl: Besides, he's scary.girl: But he's kind of hot...koi: I don't get it...koi: I have no idea what's going on!koi: But something is definitely happening!jojo: It's been a while...jojo: Actually, it's been ten years.jojo: But I was able to stop time for half a second.jojo: If I hadn't stopped time...I doubt we would've been k*lled,jojo: but one of us would've been badly injured.jojo: Here, Josuke.josu: Ah, uh... No. It's okay.jojo: I see.jojo: There's actually another reason I came to see you.jojo: The other reason is this picture.jojo: Something is hiding in this town.jojo: Something very dangerous is approaching.jojo: When Old Man Joseph tried to get a spirit photo of you,jojo: this is what he got instead.jojo: We're not sure why...jojo: But he's probably a Stand user.jojo: This doesn't concern you, but I wanted to at least show you the picture.jojo: You've been warned.ojo: Koichi-kun...jojo: If you happen to see him, don't go anywhere near him.jojo: Calling the police won't help.jojo: Just run.jojo: Josuke...main: ,Don't lose your temper and go after him, either.jojo: You'll get hurt, just like a moment ago.koi: Oh! The entrance ceremony!josu: Ack! Look at the time!josu: Aw, ..main: ,Who knows what my mom'll do to me if I'm late on the first day?!josu: Hey, I'll listen to everything you've got to say after school.josu: Hey, Koichi, was it? Let's go!koi: Huh?josu: Hurry!koi: Right!koi: The other bizarre guy I happened to meet is Josuke Higashikata.koi: He unpredictable and can go right from goofy to annoyed.koi: I guess his family situation is complicated.koi: And we only just met...jojo: Josuke Higashikata... What a weird guy.jojo: And his Stand...jojoj: This hat... It's back together?jojo: So his Stand reforms things into a different shape after they're broken?jojo: If it had been my face or head...jojo: Talk about creepy.internal/narrator: ,But if I think about him as a potential ally, he should be reliable.jojo: If you overlook his ridiculous personality, anyway.jojo: I just hope this has nothing to do with Josuke.signbot: Shisignbot: Shinisignbot: Shininsignbot: Shiningsignbot: Shining Dsignbot: Shining Disignbot: Shining Diasignbot: Shining Diamosignbot: Shining Diamonsignbot: Shining Diamondsigntop: Josigntop: Josukesigntop: Josuke Higashisigntop: Josuke Higashikataguy: Hey, girl!guy: Where are you headed? I'll give you a ride.guy: Hey, don't be so cold!guy: C'mon! C'mon!guy: Ooh, v-very pretty!tomo: You'll go wherever I want?guy: Hell yeah! I'd go anywhere with you.tomo: Then you can go straight to Hell!guy: Huh?sfx: Crushryo: Hey, you okay?guy: Officer!guy: G-Go get that crazy bitch!main: ,She injured me! That's a crime!ryo: Nah, I can't do that.guy: What?!ryo: That's my daughter.guy: Huh?ryo: Well, you know. You caused trouble for others,main: ,then you called my daughter a crazy bitch.ryo: I'll let it go this time,but be more careful in the future.ryo: You okay, Old Lady Murakami?ryo: Come on. Grab your bag.ryo: Hey, Tomoko!tomo: Dad.ryo: You headed home?tomo: Yeah.ryo: Let's go home together. I'm done for the day.ryo: How's Josuke?main: ,Today was his entrance ceremony, right?ryo: He'd better not be up to any trouble.tomo: Hmph. Who knows?main: ,That idiot can seem calm, then get annoyed outta nowhere.tomo: I wonder who he took after.ryo: Hey, now...tomo: But...tomo: Deep down, in the bottom of his heart, he's kind.main: ,No need to worry about him.ryo: Oh, yeah.main: ,Why don't we celebrate him starting high school tonight?too: Yeah, I'm planning to.tomo: But I wonder if he'll come home early.main: ,He'll probably stop somewhere again.ryo: No doubt.girl: Hey, I want to stop by Kameyu.guy: Huh? I just bought you an expensive bag the other day.girl: I want to look at, like, clothes today.guy: Watch it, foolishass!guy: Pay attention to where you're walking, moron.girl: He's super creepy.guy: He's not even gonna apologize after running into someone?girl: Forget him. Come on.guy: I know. You just wanna go to Kameyu, right?guy: Huh?jojo: Anjuro Katagiri, a.k.a. Angelo.jojo: Born in Morioh in .main: ,His IQ is .jojo: He was sent to juvie for robbery and r*pe when he was just .main: ,Since he committed that first crime,jojo: he's become the most awfuljojo: and disgusting criminal in Japan's history.jojo: He spent most of his youth in jail for his crimes,jojo: a total of  years by the time he'd turned .jojo: His last crime was so vile, it'd makeeven a rat in the bathroom puke.jojo: He was eventually arrested, and the sentence they gave himjojo: was death.jojo: But, somehow, the execution failed to k*ll him.jojo: Shortly after, Angelo escaped.jojo: He most likely became a Stand user right before his execution.jojo: I'm not sure why,jojo: but he's hiding out in this quiet town...main: ,Somewhere.josu: Koichi, you heading home?koi: Oh... Yeah.josu: We're in the same class.koi: Yeah... Talk about coincidences.josu: Well, see you tomorrow.koi: Ah... Hey! J-Josuke!josu: Huh?josu: Oh, you want to hear what that Jotaro guy has to say?koi: It's been bugging me,and it has to do with this town.josu: You're amazing. I'm gonna pass.koi: Why?josu: I'm sort of curious,but when I thought it through,josu: I don't think getting involved with beingsome guy's lovechild is a good idea.koi: Why?josu: Well, I mean...josu: Things are just fine as they are right now.koi: I see...koi: I wonder what that is.josu: Maybe an accident or something?josu: Wanna go after it?koi: Yeah.person: What? Are they sh**ting a drama?person: It's dangerous, so step back. Step back!koi: Talk about a huge commotion.old: A man robbing that convenience storetook a female employee hostage inside.both: Huh?guy: Look! There he is!cop: Don't move! Drop the Kn*fe!cop: Let the girl go!guy: Shut up! Get back!koi: Th-That lady has rung me up before!josu: His eyes are messed up.He'll totally k*ll her if he loses it.guy: All of you, get outta the way!I'm getting into the car!koi: This isn't good, Josuke! Get back! Back!josu: R-Right.guy: Hey, you with the stupid hair!guy: Sorry, let us step back—guy: I told you to get away from the car!main: ,I'll k*ll you!koi: I have...koi: a bad feeling about this.koi: I knew it!Missing: ,Loomkoi: C-Crap! Here it comes!koi: At a time like this? In this situation?koi: After Mr. Jotaro warned him!cop: Who's that?gop: H-Hey! Stop!jos: What did you just say?guy: Wh-Who are you? Get away from me.guy: You don't care what happens to her?cop: Get back, you fool!cop: What are you going to do if he loses it?guy: I told you guys to stay back, too!guy: D-Damn it! You're pissing me off!guy: I've made up my mind! I'm gonna s*ab this girl!josu: Oh, really?koi: Th-There's a hole in his body!josu: I angry you off?josu: That's my line!girl: Huh? I-I'm fine?!koi: She's back to normal. It's happening again.guy: M-My army Kn*fe! It's inside my stomach!guy: H-How?!josu: You'd better get a surgeon to takethat out... in the prison hospital.cop: S-Seize him!cop: What's going on?koi: Josuke!josu: Hey, Koichi.koi: Are you okay?! That was...cop: What the...cop: What are you doing, opening your mouth?thing: Who would have thoughttop: ,I'd find another Stand user here?thig: I possessed this man and was having a blast with that robbery, and then...thig: How dare you get in my way?!osu: He's the guy from the picture!stand: I'll be watching you from now on.stand: I'll be watching you all the time.josu: What'd you say, ?!koi: Josuke!cop: You idiot! Get him!cop: What were you thinking?!josu: M-Mr. Officer! W-Wait a sec...koi: What Mr. Jotaro said was true.josu: Let me go! I didn't do anything!koi: There's something in this town...koi: I can feel the presence of something completely unknown.koi: Something bad is here in Morioh.tomo: Hey, Josuke! Answer the phone!tommo: Josuke! Answer the damn phone!josu: Yeah, yeah. One sec.josu: Hello?jojo: It's Jotaro.josu: Oh, hi.jojo: We didn't have a chance to actually talk yesterday.jojo: We need to talk about the guy hiding in this town.josu: Oh, I actually wanted to talk to you about that.josu: Mr. Jotaro, where are you right now?jojo: The Morioh Grand Hotel.jojo: What happened?josu: Well...tomo: Damn it, this pisses me off.tomo: Where did I put the shovel?ang: That little brat...ang: Looks like he's got a cozy little family.ang: Not to mention he's got himself a hot, young mother...ang: I'm jealous.ang: Josuke Higashikata, don't get cocky, now.ang: I'm going to destroy your livelihood, your soul, and your life.
