02x17 - Cold ComfortQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:24In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories.Who does she think this is going to fool? It's ridiculous.Maybe.But it contains all the necessary elements of a valid codicil.It's not even his signature.- I swear, Oliver, I am gonna - Jack.Come.How long now? Not long.Jack, the President's on the phone.Get the girls ready for bed.I'll be in later.Am I too late? No.Eloise, you're always just in time.Oliver showed me your so-called codicil.Everything's clear then.The only thing clear is how low you've sunk.It's okay, Daddy.I'm here.I've taken care of everything.We're gonna be together again.Daddy? What the hell's going on here? Where is my father? Your attorney can explain everything.My condolences.The Durning name is synonymous with singularity of vision through three generations.From my grandfather to my father to me.There are some in our family who would like to split the Durning Foundation into so many little fingers.But it is only as one that we remain a force for good.Just a minute.Yes? When? We'll get on it.I'm telling you all now that when the time comes, control of the Durning Foundation will pass to one man.To my son, Nicholas.Oh, I hope I haven't kept you waiting long.Oh, hi.No, I just got here myself.I'm just gonna run to the ladies' room.Okay? Okay.Hey, what are you doing? Law & Order CI Her friend said a woman followed her in here.No description, just a brown leather coat.Well, it's a single cut along the femoral artery.It's very precise, no hesitation marks.A pro.Her friend said that there was a purse.Well, it's not in here.She has soap on her hands.She She'd already come out of the stall, she was washing up.And the brown leather coat, after her purse, she followed her in the bathroom.Miss Kittridge went into the stall She hung her purse on the hook here.Leather coat would've just been able to reach over and grab it.No, I think Miss Kittridge probably just put it on the floor.No.She hung it up.Right.A girl thing.So the purse is on the hook within easy reach.But leather coat waited for her to leave the stall.This wasn't a robbery gone bad.It was a m*rder gone good.I called everyone on her emergency list.Her ex-husband's taking the first flight out tomorrow from Minneapolis.Who else is on the list? Her lawyer, Mr.Broome, a couple of friends.She having any problems with anybody, maybe legal problems? No, nothing like that.Because she has an entry in here for tomorrow afternoon.It's some kind of court hearing.Her father's only been dead for three days.It's too soon to contest the will.Eames.Tell them not to move anything.We'll be right there.And call the DA.You won't believe this.This restraining order bars an autopsy and entitles me to take custody of Miss Kittridge's body immediately.What did the DA say? To give the man what he wants.The remains aren't being destroyed.If a judge later rescinds the order, the body will be available for inspection.Where are they taking the body exactly? I am not at liberty to say.Sorry, let me give you a hand.I hope you guys are getting double time for hauling this corpse around in the middle of the night.Triple time.Good for you.Yeah.What do you got in there? Dry ice? Must be taking her on a hell of a road trip, huh? Just to JFK.And they got a private jet waiting.- Private jet? - Yeah.Man, even dead, these people go first class, huh? Yep.All right.Thanks.Three private flights left between 3:00 and 5:00 this morning.One for Mexico City, one for Seattle and one for Scottsdale, Arizona.Now, I'm betting that Miss Kittridge was on the one to Scottsdale.For the dry heat? No, for the freezing cold.Cryogenics.Scottsdale is the home of the largest storage facility in the world.It's why they packed her in dry ice.It's why her lawyer got a court order to prevent her autopsy.So she'll have all her fingers and toes when George Jetson defrosts her in the future.Maybe by then we'll be able to tell her who k*lled her.Yeah, or who had her k*lled.That hearing in Surrogate's Court this afternoon, it's Kittridge v.Kittridge.I can think of two Kittridges who won't be there.Who does that leave? My father told me of his wish to be interred at Arlington.We discussed the kind of ceremony, who would attend.Your Honor, the Senator's wish was that he be placed in suspended animation, so that he could be reunited with his daughter at some point in the future.He never even mentioned cryogenics to me.Even the Senator's will stated that he wanted to be interred at Arlington.Your Honor, that will was superseded by the codicil Miss Kittridge presented to the court.Much as I loved my sister, it is clear that she was exploiting my father's frailty.He wasn't at the signing.My client was.Since she's not here to authenticate it, I must rely on the will of record.Therefore, I order that Randolph Kittridge's body is to be disposed of as stipulated in the will, and that it be released into custody to his son, Jack Kittridge, for that purpose.We're adjourned.Thank you.Mr.Kittridge, I'm Detective Eames, this is Detective Goren.We're investigating your sister's m*rder.Oh, yes.I got your messages.It's okay.I appreciate everything that you're doing.Do you mind telling us what just went on in here? Yeah, we just settled a minor dispute over the disposal of my father's remains.Your sister is gonna have a rude awakening.She's expecting your father to be there waiting for her when she gets brought back to life.Eloise and I had different views about what was appropriate.You mean, like, dipping your old man in a vat of liquid nitrogen.That probably wouldn't be appropriate, especially if you're running a senate campaign.I guess people might think that you're from a family of fruitcakes.Well, it never came to that.It could've.Eloise had the codicil.If she were here she could've authenticated it.Oh, but she's not, is she? I hope that you find the people who k*lled my sister.Anything I can do, let me know.Good luck.Human Tissue Human Tissue Those are the originals.There are no copies.You people are clear on my terms? Crystal.Let me ask you, the other material, you never told me why you wanted it.No, we didn't.Please accept my condolences on the death of your sister.The storage facility said the sister made arrangements a year ago to have herself and her dad frozen.But Jack Kittridge didn't start litigating to stop her until last month.If you're worried about bad publicity, what could be worse than a court fight with your sister over your old man's corpse? Well, he might have something else to worry about besides publicity.The will said his father wanted to be interred.I just talked to Arlington.Jack arranged for his father to be interred all right, but not in the cemetery, in the crypt.The crypt? He's having him cremated.He had, as of an hour ago.Nothing like a 2,000 degree fire to destroy evidence.Randolph d*ed of lymphoma.He fought the cancer for three years.We thought he'd b*at it, then I found a malignant polyp in his colon.Was he a candidate for a bone marrow transplant? Well, yes.We were looking for a donor.- The kids weren't a match? - Well, Eloise wasn't.- Jack was never tested.- Afraid of needles? I have no idea.He did make several appointments, though.But he was always too busy, because of the needles.Thank you, Doctor.Well, that leaves the other option.He was always too busy to get tested because he might not really be a Kittridge.I hear skeletons in the family closet.You were assigned to protect the Senator back around the time his son was born? Around then, yes.Well, the Senator, he campaigned for LBJ's Civil Rights Act, and there were death threats against him and his family.Mr.Monahan, this is from the Senator's archives.The Secret Service agent at the door here, holding it for the Senator's wife and little Eloise, is that you? Looks like it.So they were your primary assignment when the Senator would go away to Washington? Yes, Mrs.K stayed up in Bedford with Eloise.She have any friends? Any special friends who visited her up there in Bedford? Special friends she didn't want her husband to know about.Mrs.K.loved the Senator very much.Sure.But you see, she was up there in Bedford all alone for weeks at a time, and then her son was conceived.I'm not getting into gossip.You were reassigned just before Jack was born.Yeah, I was bored.I wanted to be in DC where the action was.A different kind of action.Mr.Monahan, this old picture isn't a very good likeness of you.Now that I see you in person, your chin Jack.Jack has your chin.I've gotta get to the store.Mr.Monahan, we think Jack was afraid somebody might find out the Senator wasn't his biological father.That's why he had him cremated.No one knew.Not even the Senator.No one.Has your car been broken into recently? 'Cause this tint here is less faded than the other glass.Has this glass been replaced recently? Yeah, about a month ago.Some neighborhood punks, they smashed the window.What did they steal? Nothing really.The change in the ashtray.- I see you have lip balm there.- Yeah.They take that, too? Well, the one I had in there was missing.But I doubt that they stole it.I mean, a used stick of lip balm? Well, if it wasn't used, there'd be no point in stealing it.Every time you put lip balm on your lips, you leave dry skin cells on the stick.That's what they were after, to get Monahan's DNA to show that he was Jack's biological father.Jack got wind his secret's out.So he had the Senator's remains cremated.But by then, it's too late.The proof's already out there.Two weeks after Monahan's car got broken into, Jack filed suit to keep Eloise from freezing her father.They used the DNA to blackmail Jack into filing a suit.Somebody didn't want that body preserved.Or, they wanted something from the body.Something a reanimated Senator Kittridge couldn't live without, you know, 100 years from now.They brought Mr.Kittridge here right after he d*ed and we cooled him down to 5 degrees Celsius.They wanted him shipped to a cryogenic facility, but there was a legal hang-up and we ended up sending him to a crematorium.After you prepared him for cremation? Not me.The family brought in their own pathologist out of concern for Mr.Kittridge's dignity, which I totally get.Do you remember what the instruments looked like that the pathologist used? I saw him set up.He had scalpels, and retractors, and a few instruments I'm not familiar with.Well, you'd remember what they looked like.I mean, you could sketch them.We can work over here.Put it on the plane to Geneva.The lab will be up and running by tomorrow morning.Sorry for the interruption.No, your son was just telling us about your vaccine program in Africa.That was all Nick's idea.So have you decided what you're doing today? Yes, I'm gonna take my parents up to Connecticut for the night, show them the house.My grandfather used to take me fishing up there, to a little lake just outside of Outside - Outside - Litchfield.Katie says there's a room that would be perfect for a nursery.Fantastic.Nick and Katie, your engagement has made an old man happy.Extremely happy.Welcome to the family, all of you.Stryker saw.A bone mallet.This one is a malleable retractor.All this to remove a penile implant.Imagine what it took to put it in.They weren't removing an implant."Using a stryker saw to cut through the calva" It's the top half of the skull."the skull cap can be pried loose by twisting a t-shaped chisel "along the saw cut and tapping it gently with a bone mallet." They cut open his skull? "If the dura membrane is tightly adhered, "a malleable retractor will separate it from the brain." Don't tell me they took his brain.There's nothing in Kittridge's file about any neurological disorders.Nothing that would make his brain worth studying.A politician's brain? Maybe they wanted to see how he talked out of both sides of his mouth.Well, is there anything unique about brain cell DNA? Nah.It's all the same DNA from head to toe.They could have used hair or blood.But they didn't.Something has to be remarkable about that brain, enough to interest someone with the will and the resources to blackmail Jack Kittridge and k*ll his sister.It's gotta be for research.Well, they'd need a university-grade lab, at the very least.The Senator's doctor removed a polyp from his colon.- They did a biopsy.Do you - Yeah.Six months ago.At the York Institute.Senator Kittridge's polyp was used in a study on the genetics of neurological disorders.Well, his medical file doesn't mention he had a neurological disorder.Well, he didn't.The study collected tissue from all their patients, to look for chromosomal anomalies known to cause a whole host of disorders.Any anomalies on Senator Kittridge? Oh, I'm afraid that's confidential.Well, we'll just read the published paper.There was no paper.The study was terminated.The funding ran out.We'll guess the funding "ran out" when somebody pulled the plug.Maybe because of some negligence by the hospital? There was nothing we could've done to protect ourselves.Against what? Three months ago, someone hacked into our computer and retrieved personal data on the tissue donors.- Matching names and tissue samples? - Yes.After the security breach, the Durning Foundation pulled out.They funded the study? Yes.They threatened to sue.They even sent their own people here to destroy the data we'd collected.Spencer Durning himself called me.I was shocked.We fund over 800 projects a year.There are equally deserving programs that are more competently run.Senator Kittridge would be disappointed his polyp didn't get to save mankind from some terrible disease.It was part of the study.Did you know that? No, I didn't.How would I? Well, you wouldn't.It's a, well, you know, funny coincidence.Your foundation prepared a report on cryogenics for the Senator's son.It was Exhibit "L" in his suit against his sister.The Foundation had studies on the subject.Jack Kittridge's lawyer approached us for help.Randolph Kittridge was a great American.He deserves better than to spend eternity hanging by his ankles in a tub of nitrogen.Come on.It was an act of love by his daughter.I mean, what if your son - Your son - Yes, Nicholas.What if your son Nicholas, preserved your body for the day where they came up with a cure for, well, whatever k*lled you.Cryogenics is pie-in-the-sky science.My son knows better.I mean, you'd be worth bringing back.I don't plan on dying.Maybe it would've been a greater act of love to donate the Senator's body to science.Especially if there was something unique about him.Something that came out during the research at the York Institute.Is that why you helped Jack Kittridge? Mr.Durning already answered that question.He said that the Senator was a great American.I mean, you can't really believe that, I mean, for a minute, can you? I mean, don't get me started on politics.It's I mean, you know, his marriage was the great American joke.He cheated on his wife, his wife cheated on him I meant his public life.His service to the country.He wimped out on the country.Ran for presidency in '76, dropped out before the first primary.I mean, there were rumors of dr*gs and Oh, no, that was ridiculous.No.No, I saw it on TV.He started crying right in the middle of one of his press conferences.The guy couldn't get though one speech without losing his place.He always forgot facts.I mean, it's like, the guy didn't, you know, know where he was.You know, half the time.As I remember, he was suffering from exhaustion and he needed a rest.We've faced an unrelenting barrage of slurs.My wife Maureen, and my children Eloise and Jack, don't deserve this.It's not worth it.So I am withdrawing my name as a candidate for the presidency of the United States.Here's another one from the Boston Herald in January '76."Kittridge wandered off the stage in the middle of a fundraiser."His wife said he had the flu." Must have been some flu.Senator, do you support the Supreme Court's ruling in Roe v.Wade? If elected, I will uphold the law of the land.If elected, I will uphold the law of the land.It's been a long day.Our children are waiting for us.Thank you.I remember this puppet show.Everybody thought he was stoned.Well, his eyes aren't glassy, his speech isn't slurred.But he is completely disoriented.There's nothing in his record, not even a DUl.And no hint of a substance abuse problem in his files or of a nervous breakdown.Kittridge had unprovoked mood swings, he had memory losses, he neglected his appearance.His lapses, they took place late in the day and they got worse over a period of months.You're describing my old man.Except he has Alzheimer's.Well, maybe Kittridge did, too, in '76.But he was only what? 40, 42? There's a rare form of the disease, it's called early-onset Alzheimer's.It's genetically-transmitted, strikes people in their 30s and 40s.Except a year later, Kittridge went back to the senate, and he was sharp as a tack until he resigned eight years ago.And as far as I know there's no cure for Alzheimer's.There isn't.Somehow, Kittridge recovered.And that would make him some kind of medical miracle.And his brain worth studying.Well, it would account for all the bad behavior if someone desperate enough thought that it held a key to a cure.I'm sorry for interrupting, but he keeps trying to run outside.He says he's late for school.His afternoon pills are still here.He forgot to take them.He forgot? That's what he does.He forgets.It's your job to remember.Come on.Let's go to bed.But I'm gonna miss the bus.I'm gonna be late for school.No, it's not time to go to school, Nicky.It's time for good little boys to be in bed.Now we're gonna take our vitamins.Take a big gulp.That's my boy.Everything's gonna be fine, Nicky.Everything's gonna be fine.Alzheimer's? But he held office.He chaired committees.He recovered.Against all odds, against conventional medical wisdom.Certain people found out.For their own reasons, they wanted to study your father's brain, so they blackmailed you to get access to his remains.Well, that's absurd.Blackmail about what? We know about your mother's indiscretion.Who got to you, Jack? Spencer Durning? He's ruthless enough to k*ll to get what he wants.Your sister.They didn't tell you? You wanna see what a neat surgical job they did on her? Don't even consider stonewalling to save your campaign.We have enough to indict.This is just a courtesy.It's a complete fabrication.There isn't a grain of truth to these allegations.Consider your bluff called.Maybe it's you who's wrong about Mr.Durning.Why would a man like him use such desperate measures to steal an organ? Because he is desperate to save his only child, his son Nicholas.He is the right age for the onset of the disease.Then why all the secrecy? They don't want anyone to find out.For the last four years, he's been fighting with relatives to keep them from carving up the family foundation.Now, he's been able to fend them off by naming his son as the sole successor.Which wouldn't do him any good if everybody found out his heir apparent had Alzheimer's.He can't hide it for long.Maybe he won't have to.Nicholas had a shipmate.Nick didn't tell me he gave his dad that photo.It was taken last summer off Block Island.On your brother's boat.That's how we found you.Don't worry.Your brother didn't tell us that you and Nick were engaged.We found that out on our own.Why else would his dad keep your picture on his desk? Maybe I should call Mr.Durning.Must be intimidating marrying into a rich family with all their, well, rules and secrecy.Is Nick in trouble? Would you be surprised if he was? Nick's a very honest person.Well, you wouldn't marry him if he weren't or have kids with him.You do plan on having kids with him, right? - We both want children.- Well, that's great.And you live in different cities.How's that working out for you? Nick flies me to New York every week or so to spend the day.Meaning, in theIn the daytime.What do you do in the evenings? Nick gets very tired in the evening.He has a medical condition.Cerebral aneurysm.It's not life-threatening.Is that what he told you, he had an aneurysm? Yes.He'll probably have surgery after the wedding.The ME said if he had an aneurysm, he'd have headaches, dizziness, not just fatigue.That's why he doesn't see her in the evenings, 'cause in the early stages of Alzheimer's, that's when the symptoms appear.He lied to her.Or he did tell her he has Alzheimer's and she's keeping the secret.The disease is inherited.Nick could pass it to their kids.I can't imagine any woman having children under those circumstances.So Spencer Durning and his son are deceiving this poor woman just to produce an heir? No.A spare.If they can't find a cure for Nicholas, Durning will use this grandchild to retain the control over the Foundation.That would be detestable.And so far, unprovable.Will a show-and-tell help? It's our turn to call a bluff.If I haven't committed any crime, why am I under arrest? You'll have to ask the DA.He's the one who got the material witness warrant.Oh, I'm a witness? To what? Ask the DA.He just wants to make sure you show up to testify.Once you post bail, you can go home.- When do I see a judge? - Sometime tonight.Wheels of justice.This is incredible.Can I at least make a phone call? Your dad's already been contacted.We can contact your fiancee, if you want us to.Tell her that you're okay.You know, just give us her number.You already have the number.She told me you went to Providence to talk to her.You're not worried, given your condition? Your aneurysm.Katie told us that you got tired.The judge will ask you questions, you'll have to answer them.Yeah, so I'll answer them.Look, I won't be at my best, but so what? So they know I have an aneurysm.The doctors that diagnosed you, they work for the Durning Foundation? Yes.Anyway, I take medication.I have it with me.It's in my briefcase.There's no problem.If he has Alzheimer's, the symptoms will show up by the time he appears at the hearing.If he's worried about people finding out, he doesn't look it.Maybe because he has an aneurysm.Where's my son? I wanna see him now.Let me handle it, Spencer.Then handle it.Get him out.I wanna see this material witness order.If you wanna challenge it, you can file a writ.I want my son home within the hour.That's not gonna happen, Mr.Durning.But for sure by this evening, at the earliest.What the hell are you waiting for? File the damn writ.I am not leaving without my son.Why don't we wait in my office, Mr.Durning.Now, that's a man who's worried and looks it.Hmm.Let's get Nick into interrogation.Where is he? Why do you have him in there? Where we had him was noisy and busy.This is more quiet, less stressful.Wouldn't want him to get stressed out on account of his aneurysm.He told us all about it.You know you can't talk to him without his lawyer.On the contrary, he's a witness, not a suspect.Nick is looking a little peaked.I got him something to eat.That'll perk him up.Oh! And the meds.One or the other ought to do the trick.I have to talk to my son.I insist on talking to him.Can't allow that.But you can listen in.How are you holding up? I'm a little tired, but I'll be okay.I brought your pills.I mean, you can't take them yet.There's a protocol that we have to follow just so that we know that they're exactly what you say that they are.And I'll just look it up.I mean, you wouldn't believe the things that people try and pull on us."Dexamethasone." Yeah, it's an anti-inflammatory.Right."Dexamethasone, anti-inflammatory, for the treatment of cerebral aneurysm." Well, what's wrong? Well, you can see in the book here that That it showsIt has pictures of exactly what the pill is, but And your pill doesn't look anything like the one in the book.You can see that the one in the book is blue, and yours is yellow.Yes, I don't understand.Well, that's two of us.Who fills your prescriptions? I get them through my doctors' office.The doctors who work for your father's foundation.Yes.I'll be right back.Well, you just keep looking through the book.How long do you think it's gonna take him to find out that the pills your doctors are giving him aren't for an aneurysm? You don't know what you're talking about.If anything happens to my son because you denied him his medications Yeah, I think he just found one.I've gotta get in there.I have to talk to him.Dad.Nick, you're gonna be all right.Tom's working to get you out.You'll be home soon, you can rest.Never mind what they say.You can take your medications.No, but there's something wrong with it.There's a mix-up.We'll sort that out later.Did you find that pill in there? Yes.It's lorazepam.It's an anti-anxiety drug.Are you sure? Why would they prescribe that? Maybe you should look up those other pills.No, this is a waste of time.Now just give me the book.Dad, Dad, why are you being like this? I think he has a right to know what dr*gs he's taking.Here, the dexamethasone.Nick, these people are not your friends.I can see why you picked him as your successor.What? Well, his spirit.He knows his own mind.If not him, then one of those grandkids you're dying to get your hands on.Did you find something, Nick? Well, this Well, this can't be right.What does it say? It's a drug called donezepil.It's It's for people with Alzheimer's.I'm sure it has many other uses.No.It just says Alzheimer's.This is idiotic.Why don't we wait until we can consult with the doctors? Now, it makes sense.They prescribe anti-anxiety pills to people with Alzheimer's.Why are they giving me these dr*gs? Maybe you should tell him.I have Alzheimer's? A rare form called early-onset Alzheimer's.How long have you known? I'd say six to eight months.He's been keeping it under wraps, so no one will know that the future of the Durning Foundation was in the hands of someone whose mind is slowly slipping away.I had a right to know.Why didn't you tell me? Why didn't you tell me? Because then he wouldn't get the grandkids that he's counting on taking your place.See, Nick, your disease, it's inherited.And you, you have a conscience.Now, you wouldn't wanna play Russian roulette with the future of your kids.But your father, he would.He'd sacrifice them, your fiancee, you on the altar of his grandiosity.That's a lie.There's hope, Nick.There are precedents.I am moving heaven and earth to find a treatment.We're a year or two, maybe even months away.He's right.He's right about that one thing.There is a precedent.Senator Randolph Kittridge, he got Alzheimer's when he was 42 and he b*at it.He went on to have a brilliant career.- But it was a fluke.- No.It was an aberration with no scientific value.No, no, no.We can learn from that case.He's already written you off.Go to hell! Listen to me, Nick.My team is on the verge of isolating the mechanism in his brain that produced high levels of the APoE2 protein.That's the key.You found high levels of E2 in Kittridge's brain? Yes! Yes! I guess all that blackmail and m*rder is paying off after all.Kittridge's daughter had other plans for her father's brain.So your dad had her k*lled.Don't you dare look at me like that! You know where you got that disease! Those weak genes from your mother.I had to fix what she did to you.And if I did anything wrong, damn it, I did it for you, for your future! His future? Your future! You don't plan on dying, remember? You wanna be immortal.You got to be immortal.And not in a tub of nitrogen.No, your vessel to eternity is the Durning Foundation.To carry your legacy burning bright through the centuries.No, it's not enough for you to be humanitarian of the year.You got to be humanitarian of the millennium.Shame on you.Humanitarian to everything and everyone, except your son.Your son's tragedy.Because, Spence, however much you may like humanity, it's people that you can't stand.Spencer Durning, you're under arrest for m*rder.Worst thing that can happen to a man that wants to be remembered? What's that? In a year or two, his own son won't know who he is.
