03x11 - Red Hot Chili Pepper, Part 1 / Chili Pepper, Part 1QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 19:25Mom: Josuke, how long are you going to be playing that?Mom: If you don't turn off that video game now,Mom: I'm gonna shut it off myself.Josu: Just five more minutes! Please!Josu: Just let me play for five more minutes!Josu: This is the most exciting part!Josu: If I stop right now,main: ,I'll be a man who couldn't accomplish the one thing he set out to do,Mom: Come on! If you don't quit,Josu: and I'll regret it the rest of my life!Mom: the kicks are just going to get harder!Josu: Do you really want your son to end up like that, Mom?!Mom: How long can you put up with this?Josu: I-It's over...Josu: D'oh.Mom: Now, put that away and do your homework.Mom: And take off your  uniform when you're at home.main: ,It's nighttime!Lady: I won't be able to see you anymore.announcertop,Guy: Why, Sachiko? Don't you love me?Josu: Weird. I thought I turned it off.announcertop,Guy: That's not it. I'm thinking about leaving town.announcertop,Guy: And you want to forget about me?Josu: Huh? It won't turn off.Red: Looks like Jotaro Kujo's not leaving town...Red: Even though I warned him all those times.Red: Well, what's the deal, Josuke Higashikata?Josu: You're...Josu: Chili Pepper?!Title: JoJo's Bizarre AdventureTitle: Diamond is UnbreakableTitle: Episode   Chili Pepper, Part Josu: Why'd you come here?Red: Don't ask that now.Red: I've been stopping by here every now and then for a while now.Josu: What?Josu: So this villain's been watching me for a long time?Red: I've been frequently going to visit Okuyasu,Red: the younger brother of Keicho,whom I got rid of,main: ,and I'm very familiar with Koichi Hirose's Reverb and Yukako Yamagishi, as well.Red: And I know that Toshikazu Hazamadamain: ,and Tamami Kobayashi are both in the hospital.Josu: What I'm asking you is what are you actually doing in front of me,main: ,when all this time you've been sneaking around like a gutless coward?Josu: I doubt this is it,main: ,but you're not foolish enough to actually think you're going to kick my ass, are you?Red: Kick your ass?main: ,I'd never do anything that awful to you.Red: I'm here to k*ll you painlessly.Josu: I just can't laugh at your sad excuse for a joke,Josu: good sir.Red: I told Jotaro this before, but Jotaro's Star Platinum is a menace to me.Red: It's the fact that Jotaro is too attentivemain: ,and the fact that Star Platinum has the power to stop time.Red: So I just wanted to see just how much stronger my Stand has gotten over time.Red: Before I fight Jotaro,main: ,I thought I'd test myself against you, Josuke Higashikata.Red: Come a bit closer.Red: Closer! Until you can att*ck as quickly and precisely as Star Platinum, Josuke!Red: Come on! If you're that far away, your punches will be too weak.Josu: Are you mocking me?Red: Of course not.main: ,I've just seen through your abilities.Red: Come closer and give me a super sharp one.Red: Here. Hit me right here. Come on. Come closer!Gush,Sfx: cr*ck!Red: Huh? H-He's fast...Josu: Quit your daydreaming!Red: Much faster than I thought!Josu: If you want to keep daydreaming,Josu: maybe I'll just help you sleep!Josu: Listen up! Jotaro's Star Platinum is nothing like this!Red: I regret my actions.internal/narrator: ,I got a little cocky and underestimated him.Spark: What?!Mom: Josuke! What is all that noise?Josu: What was that Stand power?It felt like a jet engine going off...Josu: He might just be stronger than Jotaro...Red: You, too, Josuke.main: ,Your Shining Diamond surprised me.Red: Looks like I'm not the only one that's grown.Red: I'll wait a little longer.Red: Until my Chili Pepper grows stronger, I won't be able to defeat Jotaro.Josu: He can show up anywhere there's electricity.Josu: Not only does he have tremendous power, but he can control his Stand remotely.Mom: Josuke, I just asked you what all that noise was!Josu: It's nothing.Oku: Man, a bug totally just bit me.Oku: ! Bugs only come to me.Koi: Ah, Josuke!Josu: Sorry to keep you guys waiting.Oku: What did you want to talk about, Josuke?Oku: Why call us out to a lonely-looking place like this?Oku: Couldn't we go to Tonio's or the usual café?Josu: I'm not the one who called you guys out here. It was Jotaro.Koi: Jotaro did? I wonder what he wants.Josu: It's probably about Chili Pepper.Koi: What?! Chili Pepper?main: ,You mean the Stand, Chili Pepper?!Oku: So he appeared?Josu: Yeah, he did. At my place last night.Oku: You! Why didn't you let me know right away?!Koi: Okuyasu... He acts completely different when it comes to Chili Pepper.Koi: I can't blame him, since thatStand k*lled his brother, but...Jojo: I told Josuke to keep quiet.Jojo: Talking about him in the city, where there's electricity running, is dangerous.Koi: Jotaro!Jojo: I had you all come to this field so he wouldn't hear us talking.Josu: Okuyasu, Chili Pepper totally pisses me off, too.Josu: He got into my house without me knowing.Josu: He's free to listen to us talking and take whatever he wants.Koi: Come to think of it, the homework I finishedmain: ,the other day disappeared from my desk!Koi: And I thought my mom mistook it for trash—Josu: That's not a big deal, Koichi!Josu: What I'm trying to say is that the only reasonmain: ,Chili Pepper hasn't caused more trouble is that we're around,Josu: and he drags people who piss him off into the phone linesJosu: with about as much effort as someone making a pervy phone call.Josu: Of course, he can use the bow and arrow,main: ,and he may have already used it on someone.Josu: I saw first-hand that he's gotten stronger.Josu: We have to hurry up and find out who his user is.Koi: B-But how?Josu: We all gathered here to figure that out, right, Jotaro?Jojo: No, not quite.Jojo: We'll be able to find him.Jojo: Because the person who's capablemain: ,of finding him is arriving at Morioh Port at noon.Koi: Huh?Oku: Someone who can find him?Josu: Is he a Stand user?!Jojo: That's right.Jojo: His Stand's name is Hermit Purple.Jojo: Only he's gotten way too old, so he doesn't have the strength to fight.Josu: Too old? How old is this guy?main: ,Do you know him, Jotaro?Jojo: Yeah. I know him very well.main: ,He used to be pretty ripped,Jojo: though you wouldn't guess that now.Jojo: He's ... No, maybe he's ...Josu: ?! He's super old!Jojo: Well, his legs are weak, so he's using a cane.Jojo: He had surgery to remove gallstones two years ago,main: ,and suffered from cataracts.Jojo: He wears full denturesmain: ,and complains that he can't eat T-bone steaks.Jojo: He's also starting to forget things.Josu: Hey, come on, now.main: ,You're not gonna tell me his hobby is talking to mailboxes, are you?Josu: Give me a break!Jojo: I had you guys gather here in order to protect that old man.Jojo: If Chili Pepper finds out about him,he's probably going to k*ll him.Jojo: Because the thing Chili Pepper fears most is us finding out who his user is.Josu: Yeah, but is a man like that really going to be useful to us?Jojo: I tried to stop him,main: ,but when he heard about the bow and arrow, he came to Japan on his own.Koi: Came to Japan? Is he a foreigner, Jotaro?Jojo: Yeah.Koi: Josuke, th-this is serious!Josu: Huh? What is?Koi: Josuke! If he's , a foreigner, and a Stand user...Josu: Y-You can't mean...Red: I heard you loud and clear.Oku: Chili Pepper!Jojo: Impossible! How'd he get to this field?Morioh_Landmark_,Sign: Morioh Landmark #Morioh Grand HotelHow to get there: From bus stop #,take the bus for "Morioh GrandSwimming Area" and get off at the"Morioh Grand Hotel" stop.From there, it's a -minute walk.Located in the same area as manyexpensive villas, it's an elegant hotel full of history. It has housed various travelers to Morioh and has been beloved for years. The beef tongue served at the hotel restaurant is considered superb and is the talk of the town.Whew,Sfx: RumbleKoi: Why?! There aren't any electrical lines here, so how?!Jojo: The bike's battery.Jojo: ! He must have hidden in the bike's battery and followed us here.Oku: In my bike?Josu: He heard us!Red: The port at noon?Red: An old man Stand user who can find me?Whew,Sfx: RumbleRed: I'll be sure to k*ll that man the moment he arrives at the port!Jojo: Now he knows about the old man...Jojo: In other words, Josuke's father.Whew,Sfx: RumbleJojo: This isn't good.Jojo: If we let him go, he's gonna get to the old man before we do.Koi: Josuke! We need to throw a rock at that bike and destroy it!Oku: No, hold up.Oku: For the sake of revenge, I, Okuyasu Nijimura,Oku: will k*ll that villain!Koi: He cut through space-time!Red: Ack! Keicho's younger brother!Oku: I'm the one who's going to deal with you.Oku: I'll scrape you away!Red: Okuyasu, I compliment you,Red: at least in regards to you instantly transferring over here.Red: But the scratching motion you do with your The HandRed: seems to stand no chance against Chili Pepper's swiftness.Red: You're too slow!Oku: Take a better look, you foolishass.Oku: When I said I'll scrape you away,Oku: I meant the bike.Red: The bike's front wheel!Oku: Now you won't be able to run away.Josu: You actually used your head,Okuyasu. Good job!Josu: Chili Pepper can't go far from the bike's battery.Josu: Which means... Look!Josu: The nearest electrical line is at least a hundred meters away,Josu: so you're as good as caught!Koi: That was close!Jojo: No, we haven't actually caught him yet.Jojo: The bike battery is still there.Jojo: I'm sure he plans to do whatever he can to k*ll Okuyasu and run.Jojo: We're going, too!Josu: Right!Koi: Right!Red: Do you really think you've trapped me?Red: Are you trying to get revenge for Keicho?Oku: No.Oku: My Big BroOku: deserved to die.Oku: I knew that someone would k*ll him someday.Oku: The thing about crimes...Oku: When you keep doing stuff like that,Oku: somewhere, somehow, it's going to come back and get you.Oku: Even I can figure that out.Oku: If you tell meOku: your user's name and address,Oku: I'll spare your life.Red: If I tell you, you'll spare my life?Red: You're calmer than I thought.Red: I thought your insides were boiling from wanting revenge so badly.Oku: Deep down inside, I hope you don't tell me!Ou: I'm dying to scrape you away so bad, you foolishass!Red: I knew it.Red: But you want to scrape me away?Red: With that pathetically slow right hand?Red: Should I laugh, or should I yawn?Red: It's a tough choice!Oku: You!Oku: I'll k*ll you!Red: I'll make sure you know wellRed: just how slow your Stand is!Red: Do you see now? It's this slow!Josu: Okuyasu!Koi: Okuyasu!Rd: !Rd: Here comes Jotaro...Red: I can't stick around here for long.Red: What?! He's behind me?!Oku: I may have missed, but I still scraped through space-time,Oky: so I could instantly transfer.Oku: Did you forget?Oku: I've got you now!Oku: You little !Oku: Looks like you're getting quite a bit slower.Oku: Are you going to be able to escape the next att*ck?Koi: Look! Chili Pepper's electrical sparkle is fading!Koi: He's getting weaker!Koi: His Stand power must be running out!Josu: Does this mean Okuyasu wins?Jojo: Okuyasu! Don't finish him off yet!Jojo: Wait until we get there.Jojo: You've won!main: ,We have to ask him where the bow and arrow are right now.Red: You're right... I'm weakening.Red: Your Stand's right hand is slow as hell,but it's still a terrifying Stand.Red: But...Red: Are you sure you don't want to finish me off?Red: Maybe I'm just acting like I've grown weak, Okuyasu.Oku: What?!Red: Maybe I'm waiting for Jotaro to get closer so I can chop his head off.Oku: What are you talking about?Red: Oh, nothing.Red: What will you do? Finish me off now,Red: or wait for Jotaro to get here?Oku: You...Oku: But wait. Why would you tell me that?Oku: If he hadn't told me he was acting weaker,internal/narrator: ,he could have tricked me, and beatenme and Josuke by playing dirty...Oku: Which means, uh, since he told me he's fine,internal/narrator: ,my chance of getting att*cked is zero, right?Ku: You're telling me to finish you off?!Do you want to die?Red: I'll leave that up to you.Oku: Is he really weaker?internal/narrator: ,Or is he lying about being weaker,and he's actually fine?Okku: Which is the truth?Red: Are you coming or aren't you?Oku: If he's fine, I need to go in to finish him.Oku: It's possible he's got something up his sleeve, too.Oku: Should I?Jojo: Okuyasu... Something's wrong.Red: Hurry up and make up your mind, Okuyasu.Oku: !Oku: I can't be bothered to think aboutwhich is right anymore, !Jojo: Okuyasu!Oku: Don't try and stop me, Jotaro!Oku: He k*lled my big bro!I'm going to finish this!Oku: That's the only truth inside my heart!Oku: Die, you little !Gush - Copy,Sfx: GaonJosu: Just great. Now finding the bowand arrow is going to be a real pain.Josu: Though it looks like things were settled.Jojo: No, something is wrong.main: ,It looks like Chili Pepper really was plotting something.Both: Huh?!Oku: There were electrical cables underground?Oku: That one! He wanted me to dig this up!Red: I really was weakened.Red: The bike's battery is only a -volt.Red: That was close!Oku: Why, you...Red: Thanks to you, I feel alive again!Red: Okuyasu!Red: If you had only been a good little boyRed: and held back like Jotaro told you,main: ,the battery would have d*ed, and I would've been eliminated.Oku: Wha...Red: I know where all of the electrical lines in this city are.Red: I thought about running away using those cables,Red: but they were far from the bike.Red: I didn't have the power to dig up the cables.Oku: You!Oku: He's even more...Red: Which means the electricity from earlier, the electrical power,Red: is on my side.Whew - Copy,Sfx: BogoKoi: Okuyasu!Red: Your big brother Keicho said you held him back.Red: He was right.Red: Your mind is underdeveloped.Red: You never could have gotten revenge, you foolishass!Red: Bye-bye, Jotaro, Josuke!Red: Joseph Joestar, was it?Red: I'll have that man share the same fate as the Nijimura Brothers!Red: I've won!Koi: Okuyasu!Koi: He got dragged in there!Kkoi: Okuyasu!Koi: Okuyasu!Jojo: Good grief.Jojo: I can't believe we had him cornered and he still got away.Josu: He's a pretty dangerous Stand.main: ,He can be controlled remotely, and in terms of power,Koi: What?! What are you guys talking about?!main: ,he can take advantage of all the electrical companies, making his power infinite.Koi: Why are you analyzing the enemy's abilities when Okuyasu just d*ed?!Jojo: Oh, right. I guess we should worry about Okuyasu.Josu: Right.Jojo: Talk about a silver lining.Jojo: Looks like Okuyasu has really good luck.Josu: Okuyasu was really lucky thathis right arm was chopped off.Koi: Huh?Josu: Shining Diamond!Josu: When I fix his arm, it means his body will come back.Red: !Kooi: Yay! Okuyasu is back!Oku:  it... I-I...Oku: I totally lost to that villain.Oku: ! !Koi: It's not about revenge or winning or losing.Koi: We have to think about protecting Joseph Joestar.Koi: That'll lead to us defeating Chili Pepper.Koi: You have to do that for everyone.Koi: For the place where we live...Josu: Jotaro, this isn't good.Josu: I was taking this lightly.Jojo: Yeah. We have to get to the old man's boat before Chili Pepper does.Jojo: Let's hurry to the port.Koi: Hey, you two! Aren't you acting a bit too cool?Koi: Okuyasu's in shock!Josu: If we're going to the port, this way is closer.Jojo: All right.Koi: Hey, wait!Oku: Surpass my big bro, huh...Oku: You taught me a lesson, Chili Pepper.Guy: Mr. Joestar.Guy: We'll be arriving at Morioh Port any moment now.
