03x07 - Toshikazu Hazamada (Surface) / Toshikazu Hazamada (Show Off)QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 19:22Dj: This is Morioh City Radio,and our next segment isDj: "Help Me, Midnight Discussions!"Dj: Our first letter is from "Forever , Pretty Baby."Dj: "Listen to this, Kai.Dj: I was late meeting someone because of that thing again.Dj: Yeah, the one by the station!Dj: The railroad crossing that never lets you through.Dj: Ugh, it just goes ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding... It just needs to shut up!"Dj: Now, calm down, Pretty Baby.Guy: Oh...Title: JoJo's Bizarre AdventureTitle: Diamond is UnbreakableGuy: See ya.Josu: Seriously?Title: Episode   Toshikazu Hazamada (Show Off)Josu: There are Stand users besides us at this school?Tama: Yeah. He's Toshikazu Hazamada,a student in class -C.Tama: This Hazamada guy apparently got intomain: ,an argument over something silly with a friend right around the start of spring.Tama: One of them had insulted the other's favorite idol or anime or something.Tama: That night, surprisingly, the friend he got into the argument withTama: gouged out his own left eye with a mechanical pencil.Tama: Isn't that insane?Tama: Apparently Hazamada's friend said this at the hospital:Tama: "Next thing I knew, I was staring at my left eye, which I'd gouged out, with my right eye."Josu: So you're saying that this guy gouged outmain: ,his left eye using some kind of a Stand?Tama: Could be, but maybe not.Tama: Normal people can't see Stands.Josu: Something about this is really fishy.Tama: What'd you say?!main: ,Josuke, you've got no right to criticize me.Tama: I've got a real job now, y'know!Koi: Huh? You've got a job?Tama: Yes, Master Koichi! I found myself a little job that involves financing.Koi: Financing?Koi: You don't mean you became a loan shark, do you?Tama: Well... It's a very reputable establishment, though!Josu: Still, though, we can't just ignore this.Koi: Wait up, Josuke!Tama: M-Master Koichi!main: ,Are you going, too?Tama: Just leave it to that idiot Josuke.Koi: There's something scary going on in my town.Koi: If Morioh City is in danger, that means my parents, my sister,main: ,and everyone else important to me will have to face that danger.Koi: So even if it's scary, I gotta do something!Tama: Wh...Tama: What a tough thing to say.Tama: Nothing less from the man I've chosen to admire!Tama: But...Tama: I'll be heading home now!Tama: Be safe, Master Koichi!Guy: Yeah, totally.Koi: Looks like he's not in the classroom.Josu: But if that Hazamada guy really did gouge out his friend's eyeJosu: and can still blend into normal school life...Josu: He must be one creepy guy.Hazamada_,Sign: HazamadaKoi: H-Hey, Josuke!Josu: I'm gonna check out his locker. Watch my back, Koichi.Koi: Tell me first before you break it!Josu: For starters... His bag is still here.Josu: So he's still at school. Be careful.Koi: R-Right.Josu: So he's in the tennis club and likes manga.Josu: Still, this guy's got way too much stuff.Josu: I don't think the bow and arrow would be in here, but...Josu: What's this wooden thing?Josu: A Sta—Josu: N-No... This is a physical object.Josu: Is this one of those dolls they sell at art stores for sketching?Josu: It scared me...Koi: Huh?!Koi: What? Why?!Josu: It turned into me when I touched it.Josu: But now we know for sure...Josu: Hazamada is a Stand user!Josu: This is just great. You've got some nerve, turning into me!Fake: You've heard of Perman, right?Koi: I-It talked! It sounds and talks just like him!Fake: You know the copy robot from Perman?Fake: Isn't that thing convenient?Fake: Don't you think it'd be great to have one around?Josu: Hey, Koichi. What is he talking about?main: ,What is Perman?Fake: You haven't heard of Perman?!I can't believe it.main: ,And you call yourself Japanese?Josu: Shut up! I'm the one asking the questions here!Josu: M-My arm!Koi: Josuke!fake: But mine is a copy doll that replicatespeople I don't want around.Fake: Once it copies you, you'llmimic all of its movements.Fake: Which means it's not a puppet,Fake: but a puppet master!Josu: K-Koichi! Move!Glob,Sfx: CrunchJosu: Koichi!Fake: And one rag's been hung out to dry.Fake: Oh, but I'm not the one who did it. The one who did it was you, his friend.Josu: Stuff like thisJosu: pisses me off more than anything.Josu: When you don't do anything yourself,Josu: but use others to do things for you.Josu: That makes me want to kick your ass like nothing else!Fake: That's just great. Tee-hee!Fake: Looks like you're out of range.main: ,If you can't move from that spot,your Stand can't get any closer, either.Fake: Which means if I maintain this distance,Fake: Josuke, you stand no chance against me!fake: This Stand's name is Show Off.fake: By possessing a doll,it has gained a physical form...Fake: Which means even normal people can see it.Josu: Hazamada! You!Fake: My goal is to b*at theout of Jotaro KujoFake: and run him out of this city.Fake: He's got some nerve!main: ,An outsider, coming here and trying to dig up dirt on us...Fake: But I heard that his Star Platinumcan stop time for a second or two.Fake: There's no one in our group that stands a chance against him.Fake: That is, no one besides my Show Off,now that it's copied you, Josuke!Fake: I'll have to knock you out now.Fake: The genuine article would just be in the way.Gion,Sfx: Squish!Fake: Crushed, huh? That's a satisfying sound.Haza: As long as you didn't cut the nerve,you'll be able to see again...Haza: If you're lucky.Fake: Looks like he's gonna be out for a while.main: ,That was super easy.Haza: Hey! Pick up my bag.Haza: We're gonna go straight after Jotaro.Fake: Easy enough.Fake: I'm pretty sure the hotel that Jotaro's staying at is...Gion - Copy (),Sfx: Squish!Gion - Copy () - Copy,Sfx: Squish!Fake: Uh...Haza: The Morioh Grand Hotel.Fake: Yeah, that's the one.Josu: K-Koichi!Josu: Koichi!Koi: J-Josuke, are you okay?Josu: Th-Thanks... But man,you've really got some guts.Josu: Even though you're hurt, you managed to use your Stand to trick him.Koi: What are you talking about?Koi: That's only because,Koi: as soon as I got hit, you fixed my broken bones with Shining Diamond.Koi: And, uh...Koi: I'd appreciate it if you could fix the injuries I got from breaking downmain: ,the door and window right after that, too.Josu: R-Right!Lady: Hello, this is the Morioh Grand Hotel.Josu: Oh, uh, could you put me through to Jotaro Kujo in Room ?Lady: Certainly.Koi: Ugh! We have to hurry up and tell Jotaro about that Stand!Lady: Thank you for waiting.Lady: The line for Room  is currently in use.Lady: Please wait until the current call is completed.Josu: The line's in use?Koi: What?!Josu: Of course! It must've been the copy!Josu: It called him before I did!Jojo: Are you certain, Josuke?main: ,There's another Stand user at your school?Fake: Yup! I'll tell you the details at Morioh Station.Fake: Please come to the station plaza.Fake: You should be able to get there in fifteen minutes.Jojo: All right. In front of the station in fifteen minutes.Fake: Too easy.Josu: I-It's no use! He's not answering.Koi: He must have left the room.main: ,They must have lured him out to meet them somewhere!Josu: ! We're just gonna have to go after the copy!Koi: I really couldn't tell the difference between you and the copy.Josu: Yeah. What really creeped me outJosu: wasn't when I saw its face.It was the fingers.Josu: You see your fingers more often every day than your face, right?Josu: I could tell that it had copied me right down to my fingerprints.Tama: Oh!Tama: Josuke, you're early.Tama: Where's Master Koichi?Tama: H-Hazamada?!Tama: What are you doing here?Haza: Tamami Kobayashi?Fake: You don't know why we're together?Tama: N-No, I don't...Fake: No idea at all?Tama: No idea! Why?!Fake: Then...Fake: Good!Jojo: Hurry, please.Josu: We've got to hurry and catch up with Hazamada,main: ,or Jotaro's gonna be in trouble!Signtop: ShSigntop: ShowSigntop: Show OSigntop: Show OffSignbot: ToshiSignbot: ToshikazuSignbot: Toshikazu HazaSignbot: Toshikazu Hazamada_Minutes_Left_U,Sign: _Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Mi_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minu_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Le_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Un_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Until_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Until the_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Until the Me_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Until the Meet_Minutes_Left_U,Sign:  Minutes Left Until the MeetingKoi: There'll be trouble if Jotaro meets the copy!top: ,It'll definitely be bad!Josu: Yeah.Josu: I don't know what we should do,but we need to catch up!Girl: Bye-bye, Josuke!Girl: See you tomorrow!Girl: Bye!Girl: Josuke!Girl: Bye, Josuke!Haza: Why are you theonly one they say goodbye to?Haza: I've never had anyone say that to me.Haza: All the girls in this school are ugly, anyhow.Girl: Josuke...Girl: Hey, read this.Girl: B-Bye.Haza: Why did you accept that?Rip this stupid thing up!Haza:  it... What is the difference between you and me?Fake: Why does that even matter?Haza: Wha...Fake: You don't have any time to waste, do you?Haza: Who do you think you're talking to?!Haza: Ow!Fake: You scraped your hand? That was foolish.Fake: I'm made of wood, remember?Haza: Shut up! Get away from me!Haza:  it, I'm getting annoyed.Haza: It's my own Stand, but this happens every time.Haza: The other day, I had it copy my crush, Junko,Haza: but I got annoyed because it kept doing things to piss me off,Haza: so I never even got anywhere.Haza: Doesn't anyone in this world havea decent personality? !Haza: That stupid Josuke!Haza: I'll hurry up and take care of Jotaro first,Haza: then I'll crush him to bits!Haza: I can't wait!Bike: My bike!Bike: It's dirty.Bike:  it, that foolishass! I'll k*ll him!Bike: Hey, it's not like he meant it. And he'll hear you.Bike: Like I care! That's exactly why I said it.Bike: Wobbling around like that...Bike: Man, he looks like a dying cricket.Bike: That's a good metaphor! I like it!Bike: Yeah? It was a good description, huh?Bike: Huh? What?Haza: Hold him, Show Off.Haza: I'll carve him up myself.Bike: Wh-What are you doing?Hza: You don't have to worry about that.Haza: I'm just going to make suremain: ,that you'll never be able to open your mouth again.Bike: S-Stop!Haza: A shard of glass?Haza: J-Josuke Higashikata?!Haza: Why... And the shrimp, too?main: ,Hazamada!Josu: We finally caught up with you, assh*le!Haza: But did you already forget?Haza: When you come face to face with Show Off, you become a puppet, Josuke!Haza: Control him, Show Off!Koi: Don't be so sure about that.Haza: Wha... That shape...Josu: I didn't throw that shard to hit you.Josu: I threw it so I could put it back in its original form!Smack,Sfx: SwooshFake: M-My right hand!Fake: It turned back into wood!Fake: This isn't good, Hazamada!Haza: Calm down!main: ,Just pretend you have your hand in your pocket!Haza: No one will notice!Haza: The real problem isHaza: that Jotaro should arrive at the station soon!Haza: I'm shocked that Josuke was safe,Haza: but let's give up on b*ating him right now!Fake: H-Hazamada! Wait for me!Josu: I see...main: ,So they're meeting him in front of the station.Koi: J-Josuke, we have no time to waste!Koi: The way they went is the fastest way to get to the station!Josu: And that's why I've got you, Koichi.Jojo: Looks like Josuke's not here yet.Haza: Can you see Josuke anywhere?Fake: Nope.Fake: If I see any sign of him, I'll just take control of him.Fake: Don't worry!Crash,Sfx: Ding Ding Ding DingFake: Hazamada! A train's coming through.haza: The railroad crossing that never lets you through!haza: We'll have to wait a minute or two...haza: All right. We'll go through the station building.Emergency_Stop__,Sign top: EmergencyStopButtonNo_Crossing,Sign bot: No CrossingHaza: Even if he catches up with us, the train will stall Josuke!Fake: Just one more minute!main: ,I'll head over to the meeting spot first!Haza: I won!Haza: Huh?Haza: That's Josuke!Haza: Wh-What happened to the train?!Haza: Why's the crossing open?!Fake: Hazamada, look!Haza: Wh-What is that Stand?!Crash,Sfx: Ding Ding Ding DingJosu: That was great! You see? That's why I said I've got you.Oi: Ah! There he is!Josu: J-Jotaro! It's me, Josuke!Jojo: Hey.Koi: We made it in time!Koi: We got Hazamada good, didn't we, Josuke?Jojo: Did something happen?Jojo: A copy?Jojo: A Stand that copied you down to your fingerprints?Josu: That's right!main: ,There would have been trouble if he'd gotten here before me.Koi: But now we can relax.Josu: That copy villain is missing his right hand, so it'll be easy.Josu: I blew off his right hand.Josu: Use that to tell us apart.Jojo: All right.Koi: They should get here at any moment.Josu: Huh? Why do I have this thing?Josu: Why did I get a pen out of Jotaro's pocket?Josu: I-I can't move!internal/narrator: ,My arm just stopped moving on its own.Josu: O-On the other side of the glass...internal/narrator: ,Th-That's...Haza: Josuke Higashikata...Haza: You're gonna s*ab Jotaro in the head with that pen and k*ll him instantly.Haza: After all, if his death isn't instant,your Shining Diamond will just fix him.Haza: Josuke! This is your fault for getting outta line!Haza: I was just gonna halfway k*ll Jotaro to chase him out of town.Haza: But now you're the one who'll k*ll Jotaro!Haza: It'll be all your fault!Haza: Now! Let him have it, Show Off!Josu: J-Jotaro...Bike: You!Jojo: Something wrong, Josuke?Josu: Huh? No...Josu: Looks like those guys finally found Hazamada.Bike: You little !Bike: You were just across the pedestrian bridge at the station, just like that Josuke said.Bike: He's a great guy.Bike: He treated our wounds, and I'm not even sure how, but they're all better!Bike: I'll make sure I pay you back in full for earlier.Bike: Let's take a little trip behind the restroom.Josu: That Stand is pretty terrifying if it catches you.Josu: Well, I guess I'll break this doll now.Josu: It'll make me feel better.Nar: Meanwhile, unknown to anyone else,Nar: Tamami was admitted to the hospital.Chili: What a fool!Chili: Well, you have my condolences.
