02x15 - MonsterQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 20:23The following story is fictional and does not depict any actual person or event.In New York City's w*r on crime, the worst criminal offenders are pursued by the detectives of the Major Case Squad.These are their stories."You got into fights, you spent four years in solitary." "What do you have to say for yourself, Mr.Dietrich?" So I said, "Well, what can I say, Warden? "I just like to have a good time." Yes, another milestone.Eight hours as a free man.Mark.I'm Chantal.Can you sign something for me? I saved it all these years.You looked so hot.Naomi, give me a pen.So, is this really the bar where you and Mandy hooked up that night? Baby, it was 15 years ago.It was called something else back then.Hey, Penny, take a picture of me and Mark.Oh, wait, wait, wait.Here, look."I'm Mandy.Don't choke me so hard, Mark." Mark? I brought you coffee.Miss? Oh! One thing I learned in prison, Mom, is not to k*ll the girls I have sex with.I want you to feel good, Mark, good and powerful.- Is this how you want me? - Yeah.Yeah.I've been watching you running around the reservoir, watching your butt in those little silver running shorts.running around the reservoir, watching your butt in those little silver running shorts.All you're gonna do is watch? Shut up.Shut up.I'm gonna fill your mouth with sand, so you start choking.Get all tight.I'm going out now.What's the matter, Mom? I know you've been watching me.What is it? You're a malignant narcissist.What did you say? Never mind.Have a nice night.And try not to hurt anyone.I don't remember, all right.It was 15 years ago.Come on.I just want to see where you k*lled Mandy.I'm gonna k*ll you if you don't knock it off! Where's your coke? Just show me.Okay, like, you hooked up with her at the bar that night.She was wearing a little black dress, like this.- I'm sick of this crap! - Mark, wait up.Wait up.Hey, Mark! Mark, wait up! Mom, where'd you hide the coffee? Mom.Mom.No.No, no, no, no! No, no, no, no! No.Law & Order CI A co-worker found her.No forcible entry.She lived alone till Dietrich moved in a month ago."My son, the Yuppie k*ller." He's why we're here.Anybody seen him? Not since yesterday.The neighbors heard them arguing on and off though.Life with a psychopath.I'll talk to the co-worker when she's ready.Well, the k*ller caught her behind the ear.She She crawled to here.TheThe back of her nightgown is, is Is bunched up, but the front has been pulled down to cover her.Someone was worried about her modesty? The girl Dietrich k*lled in the park didn't rate that kind of consideration.That lady's ready.I talked to Laura last night, just to make sure that she wanted a ride to work.We're fact-checkers for a publisher in Long Island City.Was she expecting company last night? No, Laura didn't socialize much.Especially since her son came home.How was that going, between her and Mark? Well, she was hoping for the best, you know, but they argued.And then she just stopped talking about him altogether.Mrs.Dietrich's cell phone is missing.Has anyone been reading this paper? No, it was out in the hallway.I brought it in.I'm gonna need this bagged, exactly as is.We Let's go for a ride.I I'm gonna need a Polaroid of this, please.You all set? Mark, how you doing? I'm sorry I had to deliver the bad news over the phone.Yeah, you figured out my mom lent me her phone, huh? Uh-huh.We wake you up? My girlfriend and I were just waking up, so Where are we going? You know, Mark, Detective Eames thought that you were good for this.I thought you went on the lam.Except you left your Xanax behind and your mom's money.It was on her dresser.Are you ready? You found her like this? Yes.See.Why? I just I mean, can we cover her up? She wouldn't want to be seen like this.She was a very modest woman.We need to go downtown, so you can sign some papers.I meant to ask you.Did your mother have any enemies? She got some phone calls, a few years back, from the brother of the girl.Mandy Johanssen, the girl you strangled in the park.By mistake.I wrote a letter to that family, telling them how sorry I was.But you can never be too sorry for some people.Last night, where were you again? With my girlfriend, Chantal Fielding.Does she know about you? She knows it was a long time ago.Gena will help you fill out the forms.Oh, uh All those? It's what you have to do when a member of your family gets m*rder*d.You tracked mud in with your shoes.Yeah, sorry.It's horse manure.APARTMENT OF CHANTAL FIELDING MONDAY, JANUARY 15 Mark was really upset when he heard about his mom.I felt so sorry for him.I felt sorry for his mom.Did you ever meet her? No.I only met Mark a couple of weeks ago.I'm sorry, I dropped something.So, what did you and Mark do last night? We went out to dinner, and then came back here.Fell asleep watching TV.Gee, you two sound just like my parents.That's probably why Mark appreciates it, 'cause it's so, you know, ordinary.Especially with a guy like Mark.You know, he's a magnet for extreme attention.Absolutely.You should've seen the skank he was with when I met him.Yeah, I know the type.m*rder groupies.Mark said she started writing him in prison.These women, they like to visit m*rder scenes.It gets them hot.You never were tempted to, you know, ask Mark? / No.Because, you know, it's not that far away.It's just on the bridle path where they walk the horses.In fact, it's where they found the girl Mandy.She had a smell of horse manure.Like this, you know? Like the mud on your boots.Like the mud on Mark's shoes.How was it, Chantal? Did you ask Mark to call you Mandy while he wrapped a scarf around your neck? That is so sick.You know, Mark, he told us that there's three varieties of m*rder groupies, victims, psychos, shrinks.He said with you, he's got three mints in one.Oh, that loser! All right.You wanna know what he did? We went into the park, and then he freaked out.I had to walk home by myself.And what got him upset? I don't know.He was whining all night about his mother being mad at him.What time did he show up here? I don't know, about 6:30 in the morning.He curled up like a little baby and went to sleep.Look, if I k*lled my mother, - I'd be in South America by now.- I just wanted you to know that your attempt - You said yourself, I didn't run away.- to deceive us didn't go unnoticed.You forgot one thing, the morning paper.- Look, my mom has it delivered.- The first officer to arrive on the scene found it outside.Where you put it, when you brought it in, when you came back from the park./ No.You read the sports section, you k*lled your mom.You slipped the sports section back into the newspaper./ No! Put it back outside, only, you put it back in the wrong section.- At this point, Mark's invoking his rights.- No, no, no.- Look, I wanna tell them what happened.- No, no, no, Mark.I just wanna get it over with.I got home, I was drunk, and I blacked out, okay? I came to.I went looking for my mom and I found her.And she was already dead.I got scared.And you're saying that there's this huge chunk of time that you have no memory of.I'm saying that I passed out in the living room.I I did not k*ll my mother.Your mother told her friends you fought.Yeah, well, when I first got out, yeah.All that lecturing and moralizing.- But not lately.- So that was the problem.- No, we were barely speaking.- That's the problem, right there.- She'd given up on you.- Yeah, right, so what do I care? She called me a malignant narcissist.That was the last thing she said to me.She was the only one I had left out here.Why would I want to k*ll her? I mean, why would I want to do that to myself? When someone is k*lled by receiving a blow to the head, it sends up a fine spray of blood that's unrecognizable to the To the human eye.Once the lab gets done with their microscopic inspection of your clothes, we'll have you cooked six ways to Sunday.She was my mother.There was no way I k*lled her.Why did you stop? Look, when you tell a suspect that there's incriminating evidence on the way, they They get quiet.They They start to try to remember what they missed.You know, they don't keep claiming their innocence.Or he really doesn't remember k*lling her.Mark's mother, she called him a malignant narcissist.That's a clinical term that psychiatrists use amongst themselves.She has no background in psychology.She stopped talking to him.She withdrew.There's something going on with her.Mark Dietrich should've gotten life for choking that girl.He caught a break, but not this time.Just get the evidence and bury him.The only change that I can think of is, we stopped riding home together three weeks ago.I thought she was taking a class.She was always home by 9:30.She made notes."Remorseless charming, predatory." Anybody we know? "Shallow emotional affect, "rehabilitation is rare." You know, I Look, what, was she fact-checking a psychiatric text? No.We only check statistical data.Rolls of nickels.Do you have any vending machines that only take nickels? No.What costs a nickel these days? Microfilm machines.They use them in the library to copy newspapers.These are the books that she checked out of the psychology section."Nurture-Born K*llers, "Patterns of the Sexual Predator." Maybe she liked seeing Mark's name in print.No, that's the thing.Mark's name wouldn't be in here.These books are about chronic sexual offenders.Mark's strangling of Mandy Johanssen, it was called a one-time incident, completely out of character for Mark.What'd you find? A clerk said Mrs.Dietrich checked out newspapers from the summer of ' Besides Mandy's m*rder in September, there was another Central Park story that ran that whole year.The Reservoir Runner.Two months earlier in July, she was dragged into the woods and r*ped by four kids.Maybe Mrs.Dietrich thought Mark had something in common with them.Something that made her withdraw from him.Something that compelled her to do research three weeks ago.Something she saw or heard.Well, three weeks ago, that's before he started seeing Chantal.She said he was with his prison pen pal.The word she used was skank.What happened with Mark? You corresponded with him for what? Seven years.Did he open up to you? About Mandy? It was an accident.Mark needs to feel powerful, but he doesn't need to k*ll.If only his mother had given him that kind of understanding.I read about what happened to her.She wasn't good for him.You met her? I didn't need to.I saw her apartment.Lots of beiges, neutral tones.It's stifling.When were you in her apartment? Like three weeks ago.Well, that is interesting, 'cause that's when Mark said that his mother turned cold on him.But he couldn't figure out why.I can.I left my camera in his room.She must've seen the video.A video of you healing Mark's wounds? I helped him give a voice to his sexual fantasies.Like what? About choking.with a scarf, like Mandy? He had a whole scenario about silver running shorts and filling my mouth with sand.Once you get to know him, Mark's a very creative soul.Thanks, Naomi.We'll be in touch.The Reservoir Runner was described as wearing silver running shorts, but there was nothing in any of the articles about sand.Laura Dietrich heard her son's fantasies about a runner in the park.She goes to the library and she confirms some of the details.And she's a fact-checker.Her next move would have been to the source.The detectives who broke the case.TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 6 Mark Dietrich's mother? No kidding.Never made the connection.She said she was checking facts for an article on the case.Which facts in particular? What the victim was wearing, was she choked? Did she ask about sand? She asked if the attacker put sand in the victim's mouth.But that wasn't made public, right? Well, not at the time, no.Does this have to do with the m*rder? Laura Dietrich might've suspected her son committed the r*pe.It may be why he k*lled her.That would be tragic because he did not do that r*pe.My partner and I got those guys.There was semen found on the victim, semen that didn't match any of them.Did Mrs.Dietrich ask about that? No, but if she did, I would've told her it was a g*ng r*pe and that we only got four of the guys.Now, maybe Mark Dietrich, the Yuppie k*ller, was running with the homeboys that night, but I doubt it.Well, how do you explain that he knew unpublicized details of the r*pe? He was incarcerated in the same facility with those four punks, wasn't he? Cons tell each other everything.But like you said, Detective Marston, you know, I can't imagine a yuppie k*ller sh**ting the breeze with four homeboys.Look, we got taped confessions.A lot of people worked a lot of hours to get those animals off the street.Us guys don't remember what it was like back then, but I've had a lot of women tell me they were afraid to walk out in broad daylight.Anything I can do, give me a call.I remember.Marston and his partner Roscoe were heroes around our house, the way they got four kids to confess in one night.Yeah.I'd like to see how they did that.I'm just saying, Nishan, your friends are gonna tell the tale.You finished with that can of soda? You want another one? Uh, no.I ain't mean to leave it there.I'm sorry.I'll clean it up.- Come on, you were there.- Man, I told you, we didn't go anywhere near the reservoir.We didn't r*pe no woman.You're not helping yourself out, kid.Your friend Nishan already said he pulled down her silver shorts.No, that ain't right.And he said you held down her left leg.I didn't.I didn't touch her never.Monty, if you keep denying while all your friends are cutting deals, it's gonna go real bad for you.Don't you wanna help us? Yeah, I do.All you gotta say is that you touched her left leg.Just touched it.You don't have to admit to anything else, just that.And then you can go home tonight.Um, do you have the tape of this confession? They wanted him to say he touched her left leg.This is the confession that played for the jury.And then Nishan took down her shorts and got on her.What'd you do? I touched her leg.Her right leg.It's all I did.Left leg, right leg.The point is, the kid admitted he was there.There were inconsistencies in all four confessions.And not one of them admitted actually raping her.Look, if they didn't do it, if they weren't even there, why in the world would they confess? - Because they were afraid to disappoint.- Disappoint who? Marston and Roscoe.Look.I'm just saying, Nishan, your friends are gonna tell the tale.You finished with that can of soda? You want another one? Uh, no.I ain't mean to leave it there.I'm sorry.So, Marston is drawing attention to the soda can, so that when anyone watches it, they know that Nishan had something to drink.So nobody can say he was denied food and drink.He's being a smart detective.These kids were interrogated for 30 hours with no lawyers and almost no contact with their parents.Marston's being polite.He's being very nice.But look Look at the kid's reaction.You got someplace I can throw it away.I'll clean it up.I'll clean it up.The kid thinks that Marston is reproaching him for leaving the can on the table.He is desperately trying to please the one guy he thinks can get him out of trouble.I mean, the jury never saw this.Never saw the way that Roscoe and Marston played these kids.All they saw was the finished product.These confessions, they're nothing but vapor.Mark Dietrich is the real thing.He did this r*pe.All four recanted their confessions.Once their lawyers got ahold of them.Two dozen witnesses saw them in the park, running in a pack, snatching purses.Dietrich knew the details.I agree with Detective Marston's explanation.Dietrich shared a prison yard with the four rapists.So, years later, he's having sex, he just happens to dredge up what they told him? Now, that is incredible.Tales of forcible sex excite him.There's an easy way out of this.The department still has Dietrich's DNA from the Mandy Johanssen case.We run it against the unknown DNA from the reservoir r*pe.I can just feature what that little psycho told you.She especially liked the part about the silver running shorts.I'm a sack artist.Improvisation is the key to my creativity.Almost as much as the bit about stuffing her mouth full of sand.If I understand you, you've never actually seen this alleged video.No.But his mother did.She even looked up the true story that inspired it.These are the newspaper articles that she checked out of the library and books.That's how she found out about the, you know, the stuff about malignant narcissism.She even called the detective who investigated the case.She thought you were good for it.If she thought that, she would've told me.You ever seen this woman? - No.- You sure? Your DNA matched the semen on her running shorts.Yeah.Okay, yeah, I remember her now.I met her in the park.So? We were warming up before jogging.We started talking, - went back to her apartment.- Where? All I remember is, it wasn't close enough.And there was a bed.We had sex.I must've dripped on her shorts.And then she went back to the park to jog, and I went home to sleep.What, you had consensual sex with a runner that you met at the reservoir, the same night the Reservoir Runner was r*ped? And it never, you know, crossed your mind to say anything? Well, how would he know that's who he had sex with? Her name and photo were never released.I still wouldn't have known.You never exchanged names? It was the '80s.Women were a lot more fun.I don't understand.Is there some doubt about who r*ped me? This man's DNA matched the semen on your running shorts.This guy doesn't look like somebody who'd bash me in the head with a rock and put sand in my mouth.Miss Stephens, if you can't remember anything about the att*ck, who told you about the sand? Detective Marston.So he's kept in touch with you.He's called every few months.Has he called you recently? A couple of weeks ago.He said he's worried about me.I didn't know policemen like that existed.APARTMENT OF DETECTIVE TED MARSTON FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9 DNA match, huh? Where do you want me to start? The samples were improperly stored.Some genius blew his nose in the petri dish.You gotta hear Dietrich's explanation.He hooked up with Jane Stephens before her run, went back to her apartment to have sex.Yeah, I can go with that.Just for drill, you should check with her.But she doesn't remember what happened that day.He knows that.Because you've monitored her condition over the years.You didn't see her that first night.She lost three-quarters of her blood.She doesn't need to remember what they did to her.That's my job.Detective Marston, we understand there was extraordinary pressure to break this case.Those kids fit a profile Forget it.There were no mistakes, no rush to judgment.We matched the DNA.Dietrich has no evidence to back up his story.The DA says it's open and shut.You know, Al Roscoe and I went over to Jane Stephens' apartment the day after she was r*ped, just to look for a number of her next-of-kin.We found a condom wrapper on the floor next to her bed.Now, maybe, that's what Dietrich used to have sex with her.Ask Al Roscoe, I'm sure he'll remember.He could've just said he was wrong about the kids, a good-faith mistake.- What's he afraid of? - Yes.Okay.Thank you.I found Al Roscoe.He's at the Saint Albans Parish cemetery up near Ghent.He d*ed two weeks ago.His handgun discharged while he was cleaning it.Wait a minute, I don't understand, Detective.Why are you volunteering this information? Because you're going to find out about it anyway.It's exculpatory evidence.Well, was there anything else besides the wrapper? - You remember the brand? - No.All your boy needs to know, is I saw a wrapper.The simpler, the better.Are we clear? My father didn't like talking about that case.That's why he moved us up here, away from all the attention.We looked at the police report of your father's death.It had all the The earmarks of an accidental sh**ting.He would've done that for you.For the insurance.I just hope I'm doing the right thing.I got this in the mail, the day after he d*ed.He was police chief here until last year.I want my kids to remember him as a hero."It's something I've been running from for 15 years." "Last weekend, Ted Marston called." "It's all going to catch up." "Before Ted and me began our interrogation of those young men, "we agreed that regardless of their innocence," "we were going to get confessions out of them." "That's what we did." "Even though the more we questioned them," "the more it was obvious they were innocent."I'm ashamed of what I did.I can't live with it anymore." Some good-faith mistake.They premeditated framing those kids.Marston was looking at prison time if word got out.Or if Laura Dietrich got the case reopened.This letter is of no value as evidence.Mr.Roscoe isn't here to authenticate it.It can't be used at trial.Marston knows that the only person who can tie him to the frame up is dead.There's no evidence to tie him to Laura Dietrich's m*rder.And thanks to his condom wrapper story, we can't even make an ironclad case against Mark Dietrich for the reservoir r*pe.Marston's sitting pretty snug in the saddle.We need to put a burr under the saddle.You are considering vacating the convictions on the r*pe, aren't you? I was a kid.I was trying to keep from going to jail.Detective Marston said the other guys were gonna put the weight on me, so I just said I touched her arm.Detective Marston suggested you say that? / Yeah.He said he would try to help me, so long as I play along.Mr.Carver, you asked us here to discuss a new development.We matched the semen on the victim's shorts to a suspect we We've come to believe acted alone.Are you preparing to vacate the convictions? Vacate, what does that mean? Your record will be clean.It means, Nishan, that you spent all those years in prison for nothing.Ten years because you trusted Detective Marston.Well, that changed you in ways that you never wanted.I I don't know what could compensate you for that.Oh, I do.I know exactly.A $100 million.Those punks are suing for $100 million.I hear the city and the department are prepared to settle, but that proposed settlement doesn't include you.You see what's going on here? I'm being set up.We need a strategy.The Detective's Endowment cannot get involved if you were derelict or if you acted out of bounds of your official duties.What's that supposed to mean? You're the Detective's Endowment, I'm a detective.You'd better just talk to the DA.I'm gonna go broke defending myself.You gotta have a talk with the Endowment.I'm sorry.Look, we had suspects.The city was in a panic.Women couldn't sleep without worrying that some guy was gonna r*pe them in their beds.This isn't fair.These guys were heroes.We need to stand by our own.It's not just the DA's office.It's public perception.What if we had him help us break Dietrich.Would that change the perception? We both saw how he handled those kids.He's good.And nobody knows the reservoir case better than him.- I think she has a point.- What're you talking about here? We need to get Dietrich on the reservoir r*pe, If we wanna get him for his mother's m*rder.You want my help? Yeah.You'd be staying ahead of the curve, you know, doing what you always do, getting at the truth like any good cop.All right.All right.Anything to make sure that the right guy goes down for the count.Where you wanna do it? CENTRAL PARK TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13 We were back there, when we started talking.No, no, the witnesses said they saw her warming up around here.I'm just telling you what I remember, all right.Mr.Dietrich, as I explained to your attorney, we need to eliminate you as a suspect in the r*pe in order to defend ourselves against this lawsuit.How you doing, Detective? Mark, this is Detective Marston.- He knows this case inside out.- Maybe you've heard of him.He's the one who got the confessions out of those kids.Thanks for helping us out today.You know, Mark is not so clear on how him and Jane Stephens got back to her apartment./ Uh-huh.This path hooks back up to the traverse.Her place is on West 81st, so they would've cut through here.You okay? Come on, I'll put my arm around you.- You won't slip.- No, no, no, I What's wrong, Mark? I'm not going down there.Not with Not with these on.Oh, no, sure, sure, sure.Here you go.They cleaned it up since the last time you've been here.Cut out a lot of the underbrush, put up a light.The rocks Rocks are still here.And the ground, still sandy.Right over there, is where they found her, half-dead, barely a pulse.Look, I don't know anything about that.I don't wanna stay here.Mark, you don't wanna help us anymore? I mean, what are we supposed to make of that? I told you, all right, I talked to the woman, we went back to her place and we had sex, okay? I mean, didn't you see the condom wrapper there? Right? Isn't that what he told you? I might've confused it with another r*pe victim, Mark.I mean, I work a lot of cases.But this girl's apartment, the bed was made, everything was tidy.The doorman saw her go out.If he would've seen her come back with you, don't you think he would've said something? Why don't you say something? I mean, what did you let them bring me here for? - Mark, I think you should - What? You're fired, okay? He sees the writing on the wall, same as everyone.You know what you need to do here, Mark? You need to cut yourself the best deal you can.I'm not going back in.No, there's a way of telling the story, Mark, that can work for you.You hooked up with a girl on the path, you brought her down here for a little intimacy, consensual intimacy.I, I, I see where this is going.This is a good story, Mark.Things started developing between you two, and all of a sudden, she hurt you.Squeezed you a little too hard, got too tough, and you lost it.The sex was consensual.A straight as*ault with mitigation, isn't that right, Counselor? Under those circumstances, yes.And all you gotta say, Mark, is she hurt you.She hurt you, and you got scared.Isn't that the way it happened? You say it, and everything falls into place.She hurt you, and you got scared.She hurt me.I got I got scared.Look, I didn't wanna hurt her.I just I got scared.I got scared.That's very good.You're almost home free.All that's left to talk about is, is your mother.My mother? Well, you helped Detective Marston clear up his old case.Now he wants to help you with this other thing.I mean, we all do.I didn't I didn't k*ll my mother.What you said is, you don't remember.What's it gonna look like to a jury? Please tell him that he has practically no chance with a jury.You have to stay out of court, my friend.You have to talk to us.I would I wouldn't k*ll her.It's obvious you care about your mother.Even in death, you cared about her, you had respect.You remember? You remember what you told me that morning that you saw her in her nightgown? About her modesty? Oh, he was so concerned about her being covered.I mean, doesn't that say something? Tells me, you're a good son, Mark.The way you pulled her nightgown down.After she was dead, to cover her.A good son would do that, a respectful son.Yeah.How did you find out about that stuff? Isn't that what you're talking about? It was pulled down over her panties.You tell me.It was bunched up like this? Maybe in the heat of the moment, you You just forgot to do it.Maybe you thought about pulling it back down, you know, so you could implicate someone.Someone like Mark.And what, you were in too much of a hurry, you just forgot to yank it back down? You think that I k*lled What, you think I'd k*ll her? You're nuts! As we speak, we're executing search warrants on your home, your office, your car.Oh, no, no, this is bull.Yeah, no, we staged the picture four weeks ago.We pushed the nightgown back up just to trick you.What're you coming after me for? You got this loser here, he's good for it.Yeah, for the fact he didn't do it.You did.You're under arrest for m*rder.You son of a bitch, you k*lled her.You k*lled my mother! Get out of here.You'll never make it stick.A cop k*lling a witness, isn't that the death penalty? It certainly is.What you're gonna wanna do here, Ted, is cut the best deal you can.There is a window of opportunity, Mr.Marston.But given what you've put this city through, I'm not disposed to leave it open longer.You have from here back up to that path to make up your mind.Okay.I'll take the deal.- I'll take it.- I'll get back to you.This must've been a very lonely place
