03x03 - The Nijimura Brothers, Part 1QuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 19:17title: Jojo's Bizarre Adventuretitle: Diamond is Unbreakabletitle: Episode   The Nijimura Brothers, Part jojo: Yeah. The issue with Angelo's been resolved.jojo: But I won't be coming back for a while.jojo: That other photo we've been investigating...jojo: Send it over, too.jojo: Yeah, the one that the Speedwagon Foundation found in Egypt ten years ago.jojo: I think I might finally know what it means.jojo: Please.jojo: Yeah, thanks to him.ange: Josuke! I k*lled your grandpa,but you have no right to k*ll me!ange: If you k*ll me, you'll end up a cursed soul, just like me!josu: Don't go telling people what they can and can't do.ange: M-M-My right hand! My hand!josu: No one's going to execute you.josu: Not me, and not Jotaro, either.josu: You're not going to be ex*cuted,josu: and you're not going back to jail.jojo: Josuke, I'll leave the rest to you.ange: Wh-What do you plan to do with me, you?!josu: Repent for eternity, Angelo!flashback: ,For all of those you k*lled, including my Gramps!ange:  it...ange: Don't you dare get cocky!main: ,I'm sure he'll k*ll you both for me.josuke: What? "He"?ange: That's right. The one wearing a school uniform,main: ,who gave me this power.jojo: What?main: ,It can't be...jojo: Are you saying someone canwillingly give another a Stand?ange: Are you scared?jojo: Huh? How is that supposed to scare us?jojo: No... Angelo's not a Stand user by birth.jojo: It was a mystery how he obtained his Stand powers.jojo: But if there is actually a person who can give others Stands...ange: Terrifying, isn't it?ange: Want me to tell you?ange: It was last year, so ,ange: on a night about a month before my execution.ange: I couldn't sleep that night...main: ,I was just staring blankly up at the ceiling of my cell.ange: It was a completely silent night.ange: But then...ange: I should've been the only one in that dark cell,ange: but he was there.main: ,The guy in the school uniform.ange: H-Hey! How long have you been there?!flashback: ,Where'd you come from?!ange: Wha...ange: It was a very old bow and arrow.main: ,It looked like it was centuries old.ange: Wh-What are you doing?ange: I was so scared, I could almost feel my balls shriveling up.ange: But before I even had a chance to scream...guy: You're alive. Congratulations.guy: That means you've got the aptitude. If you didn't, you'd be dead.guy: You've just obtained a talent.ange: No... It's more accurate to say it was pulled from your mind.guy: The worse the villain, the more they have...guy: This talent that the man named Dio called a "Stand."jojo: Dio?jojo: Did you say Dio?josuke: Jotaro? Is something...josu: What?!ange: You fools!ange: It looks like you were so busymain: ,listening to my story that you forgot about my Aqua Necklace!jojo: Angelo, !ange: Josuke! Hurry up and get me out of this rock!josu: It would appear that...josu: I didn't have enough rage in my heart for you.ange: What are you doing? Stop messing with your stupid hair!ange: I'm gonna k*ll this brat! Let me out right now!josu: What did you say...jojo: Don't be rash, Josuke!josu: ...about my hair?ange: Y-You know... If you k*ll me,main: ,the guy in the school uniform won't let it slide!ange: He lives in this town, too!ojo: What? Josuke, wait!Glob,sfx: Ker-Blamjosu: Yeah... I just didn't have enough rage earlier.josu: I needed to do a great job of buryingthat assh*le into the rock, like this.jojo: Good grief.jojo: I wanted to get a bit more out of him.josu: Huh? You actually believe the crap he was saying?jojo: It wasn't crap. He said Dio's name.josu: Who is that, anyway?jotaro: He's a man that the Joestar family has been fighting for over a hundred years.jojo: My friends and I fought Dio and defeated him.jojo: But there was one thing that I didn't understand.jojo: Back in , why did the man called Dio suddenly acquire a Stand?josu: Could the same person have made him a Stand user?jojo: Yeah... The guy in the school uniform might be our new enemy.jojo: Or perhaps it's the bow and arrow he had.jojo: If that's somewhere in this city...jojo: Then it's hard to believe that Angelo's the only danger here.jojo: Good grief...Morioh_City_Repo,sign: Morioh City ReportMorioh_City_Repo,sign: Morioh City Reportkou: It's just like Jotaro said.flashbackinternal,jojo: There's no doubt that the worst thing imaginable is hiding in this city.flashbackinternal,jojo: An extremely terrible danger is coming to this city...flashbackinternal: ,No, it's already begun.koi: Since the beginning of this year, , people have disappeared in Morioh City.Abductions___Kid,sign: Abductions & Kidnapping Caseskoi: Of that number,  of themwere young boys and girls.koi: Even if some were runaways,Have_You_Seen_th,sign: Have You Seen This Person?internal/narrator: ,that's still seven to eight times greaterthan Japan's national average per city.koi: That number is extreme.koi: Not to mention...headline: ,Ryohei Higashikata Dead (Morioh Police Officer)koi: Josuke's grandfather...jojo: Koichi, you're even studying after school?main: ,Let's go home.koi: Oh, right.koi: Thank goodness. Josuke seems to be feeling better.josu: Yo, Angelo.koi: Uh... Huh? Hey, was this rock always here?jojo: Yeah, but it didn't look like this at first.koi: At first?koi: Well, whatever. Yo, Angelo...koi: By the way, what happened to Jotaro?josu: Oh, he said he had something he wanted to look into.josu: He's staying at the Grand Hotel.koi: Does it have to do with this city?josu: I'm sure it does.koi: I see.koi: The danger this city faces...koi: Huh? Josuke?koi: No one's lived in this house for about three or four years, right?josu: Yeah. It's so run-down that there's no way it'd sell.josu: It should be torn down and rebuilt.koi: No, someone's living here. Maybe someone moved in?koi: There was someone in the window just now.josu: Huh? Nah, that can't be. My house is over there, right?josu: I'd know right away if someone moved in.josu: Besides, realtors are always checkingmain: ,to make sure homeless people don't crash there.koi: Now that you mention it, that's true.koi: How strange. I wonder if I actually saw a ghost...josu: H-Hey, don't say stuff like that.main: ,Ghosts are scary! And we're right in front of my house.oku: Stop gawking at my house, little brat.Billion_,sign: BillionBillion: ,Billionoku: Say something!josu: Koichi!josu: Hey! What do you think you're doing?oku: What? That's my line.oku: You two are in front of my house...Morioh_City_Land,sign: Morioh City Landmark The Angelo StoneHow to get there: A minute's walk from Morioh City Johzenji Street Bus Stop #.The Angelo Stoneis known as a landmark,and a place where lovers meet.It's admired bythe people of the city,despite its creepy appearance.tomo: Give it a rest.main: ,If you're the newspaper guy,I already told you we don't want it.tomo: Who is it?!main: ,My father just d*ed of a stroke,main: ,and we're still busy with everything that follows.tomo: Could you come back another time?tomo: Y-You're...tomo: Jo...tomo: Joseph!tomo: You finally came back, Joseph!tomo: I was waiting for you this whole time!tomo: I've been so sad and lonely since my dad d*ed.tomo: I can't believe you showed up at a time like this, Joseph!tomo: I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you,tomo: I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you!jojo: I hate to disappoint you, but I'm not Joseph Joestar.tomo: Huh?jojo: Take a good look. No wrinkles.tomo: Oh... Now that you mention it...tomo: You're pretty young!jojo: Good grief...jojo: I'm Joseph's grandson. My name's Jotaro Kujo.tomo: O-Oh, really?jojo: Ask Josuke for the rest of the details.jojo: I hate annoying conversations.jojo: I'm here to see Josuke. Is he here?jojo: I'm asking you where Josuke is.tomo: Huh? Oh! Josuke hasn't come home from school... yet.jojo: I see... Then I'll be back tonight.tomo: Huh?tomo: You're leaving already?jojo: Oh, yeah...jojo: About your father...tomo: Huh?jojo: It's a shame.jojo: If Joseph Joestar had come to this city,main: ,he would have protected you as besthe could from the dangers to come.jojo: But he's old now.jojo: I can't let him come here.jojo: I'm here in his place.jojo: I just can't feel at ease.jojo: The bow and arrow that Angelo was talking about...jojo: In documents the Speedwagon Foundationobtained regarding the witch, Enyaba...jojo: She's holding the bow and arrow.jojo: They give ordinary people the power of a Stand.jojo: , that's unbelievable...No_Trespassing,sign: No Trespassingjosu: Are you insane?josu: Let him go.No_Trespassing,sign: No Trespassingoku: My father bought this house.main: ,Don't go digging around here.oku: Never do it again!josu: I'm not talking about that.main: ,I'm telling you to let go of him, villain.josu: If you don't let him go now,I'm gonna get annoyed.oku: Come on, now. "villain" is a bit much, ain't it?oku: Calling someone you just met a villain right in front of their house...oku: Do you even know how to talk to people?josu: Well, I know how to shut that mouth of yours.Glob,sfx: s*abjosu: What?!oku: Bro?!kei: Do you wanna know whyI sh*t him with the arrow?kei: Because that guy is Josuke Higashikata.oku: Oh, really? He is?kei: Since he defeated Angelo,main: ,that means he's a Stand userwho'll be trouble for us, too.josu: A Stand user?! You two are Stand users?!kei: Okuyasu! Make Josuke Higashikata disappear!josu: Koichi...kei: Hmph! I was hoping I couldmake him into a Stand usermain: ,that I could use like the others,kei: but I guess that's not happening.kei: He's gonna die.josu: M-Move!josu: I can still heal his wounds with my Shining Diamond!oku: No!oku: Josuke Higashikata! I, OkuyasuNijimura, will make you disappearmain: ,with my The Hand!oku: Here we go!josu: If you don't move, I'm seriously going to mess up your face.oku: You're pretty fast.kei: Hey, Okuyasu.kei: Using a Stand is the same as driving a car or riding a bike.kei: Those with no skill or gutsmain: ,will get scared and maneuver like crap,main: ,no matter what kind of monster machine they ride.oku: Bro...oku: Please don't say things that'll piss me off too much.oku: This villain's much faster than I thought.kei: We're not messing around here, Okuyasu!kei: The Stand that you acquired, The Hand, gives me chills just thinking about it.kei: You'd better be serious when you use it.kei: Make sure you k*ll Josuke Higashikata,who defeated Angelo, no matter what!kei: He's bound to get in our way.oku: I know—oku: Ah! I was talking!oku: Th-That's not fair!josu: You're pretty stupid, aren't you?oku: What? Why?!oku: Why do you think tha—josu: I told you to move.josu: Koichi!josu: Thank goodness. You're still alive.josu: Then I can still save...oku: That's it! You're gonna pay for that!josu: I told you to move!josu: Get any closer and you'll really piss me off!oku: Take your best sh*t, if you can!josu: He's got way too muchconfidence in his right hand.josu: This isn't good.josu: I've got a really bad feeling about that right hand of his...oku: Let go of my right hand, you little !josu: Yeah, it's his right hand!Gion,sfx: Swoopoku: Why, you...oku: Don't you dare run away, Josuke!oku: Don't abandon your friend like that!josu: There's something up with that right hand of yours.josu: Something's telling me it's not safe.oku: Think about that after you're dead!oku: Here I go!josu: Koichi... Just hang on a little longer...No__passing,sign: No  passingjosu: What's with that gate? Something's wrong with it...josu: No... passing?oku: Stop walking backwards, you foolishass.oku: You're getting farther away from your buddy.main: ,Come a bit closer!josu: That's it... The "tres" is missing.josu: I bet your Stand's right handjosu: scraped it off, right?main: ,It has the power to scrape away its surroundings.No__passing,sign: No  passingsome: That's right, Josuke Higashikata!some: Whatever this right hand grabs gets scraped away.some: And the parts that don't get scraped away...some: close together, so it looks like nothing changed.oku: As for the part that gets scraped away...oku: Even I don't know where it ends up!oku: I can do this to guys who try to run away, too.oku: I scrape away the space between us! And then...oku: See? You came right to me.oku: You could call it teleporting!oku: This is the power of the Stand even my bro fears, The Hand!oku: You can't run away anymore,oku: Josuke!oku: No matter where you go, you're...oku: always...oku: within my reach!oku: So weak!oku: You really b*at Angelo like this?oku: I guess you just don't get that it's no use.oku: You're the one who's stupid!oku: Now die, Josuke!josu: You really are stupid, aren't you?oku: Why?!Smack,sfx: SmackCrash,sfx: CrashKaboom,sfx: Kaboomjosu: That was close. Okuyasu Nijimura, huh?josu: That's a pretty great and terrifying Stand.josu: I'll be in trouble if he wakes up and tries to att*ck.josu: I guess I should strangle him a bit, just to make sure he stays knocked out.josu: It'll put the feeling of defeat in his soul, too.josu: One, and...josu: K-Koichi's...josu: That's enough, !kei: This arrow is very precious. It's the only one there is.kei: It's my precious objective.kei: I just have to retrieve it.jojo: According to Angelo's story,internal/narrator: ,it's this bow and arrow that unleashed Dio's Stand powers.jojo: There's no doubt about it.That unleashed The World...jojo: And after Enyaba d*ed,someone obtained the bow and arrow,internal/narrator: ,and is creating more Stand users in Morioh City.jojo: I've got to hurry and destroythat bow and arrow...jojo: To make sure a villain more evil than Diomain: ,doesn't appear with a Stand more powerful than The World.
