03x02 - Josuke Higashikata! Meets AngeloQuotePostby bunniefuu » 01/19/23 18:55tomo: Ah...tomo:  it, this pisses me off.tomo: Now, where did I put it?jojo: Anjuro Katagiri, a.k.a. Angelo.jojo: He's become the most awful and disgusting criminal in Japan's history.jojo: He's repeatedly committed murdersever since he was .jojo: His last m*rder...tomo: Milkman! Watch your step over there!jojo: ...was lower than dog jojo: In March of ,jojo: he happened to meet three -year-olds.jojo: He r*ped and m*rder*d two of them.tomo: Did you step in it?ange: Yes, it appears so.tomo: Seriously, it pisses me off.tomo: Letting their dogin frontof someone else's house...tomo: I'm really thinking of keeping itmain: ,and putting it in the owner's pocket tomorrow morning.ang: Um... I left your milk over there.ang: I'll be off now.tomo: You...main: ,You're not the usual milkman.ange: Yes, I'm just covering this morning.tomo: Huh...jojo: Because the third boy was from a rich family,jojo: he demanded a ransom.jojo: That's what led to his arrest.tomo: I might just be picky, but the seal on this milk's lid is broken.ange: Huh?ange: Is it?tomo: Yeah, right here!ange: Oh, yeah...tomo: See? It's broken, right?ange: Yeah. Sorry about that.ange: I'll be going now.tomo: Thanks.ange: Good day.ange:  that !Glob,sfx: Globange: That woman's pretty watchful.ange: If that woman or her brat, Josuke, drank this milk,ange: my Stand, Aqua Necklace, could have possessed them!old: Another one? You just keep going, don't you?jojo: When the police infiltrated the area where the boy was being held,jojo: they found a truly horrific sight.jojo: The boy was dead, and his privatesjojo: had been chopped off and nailed to a pillar near the corpse.ange: Why didn't you clean up your dog?ange: On top of that, you just threw your cigarette on the ground, didn't you?ange: Don't get cocky!ange: Because those who get cocky...ange: can just swallow my Stand and die.title: Jojo's Bizarre Adventuretitle: Diamond is Unbreakabletitle: Episode   Josuke Higashikata! Meets Angelojosu: So it seemed like that Stand had possessed the robber...josu: Or rather, it was just in his body.It didn't att*ck me.jojo: Was Angelo nearby? The guy in the picture.josu: No, I didn't see him.josu:  it, my hair's not setting right.jojo: Listen up. That Stand's power is weak, but it can be controlled remotely.jojo: It's the type that can somehow enter people.jojo: I'm heading to your house now.josu: Huh? Right now?jojo: Don't eat or drink anything until I get there.jojo: That includes tap water.main: ,Don't shower or use the bathroom, either. Got it?josu: Hold on a second. I haven't told my mom about you yet.josu: My mom's pretty tough, but it seems that she still loves Joseph Joestar,josu: and cries when she thinks about him.josu: She'll know who you are with one look.tomo: Josuke, where did this picture come from?tomo: This is the milkman from earlier...tomo: Do you know him?jotaro: Hey, Josuke. What's wrong?josu: Crap! I was too late.josu: I just saw that thing go into my mom's mouth from the coffee!jojo: Hello? Josuke? Hey! Josuke!tomo: Josuke, you want some coffee, too?josuu: Yeah, sure. Could you put in some milk and sugar for me?tomo: Milk and sugar, right?sfx: Do-sfx: Boomtomo: Josuke? Was it milk and sugar?josu: Yeah.josu: Hello? Jotaro?Josu: I caught that Stand, but...jojo: What?josu: What should I do with it?jojo: How in...jojo: Be careful. Angelo should be watching over your house from somewhere.jojo: Don't take your eyes off that Stand.main: ,I'll be right there.paper: Angelo,CriminalCondemnedto Death,Escapesjojo: There's no doubt that Angelo was able to escape prison and death rowinternal/narrator: ,because he used his Stand.jojo: But I still don't know the specifics of that Stand's power.TV: Dead ball!TV: And that's the game!TV: The game ends with a dead ball!josu: There, there.ange: You little !tomo: Josuke! You need to get going,or you'll be late!ange: I'll k*ll them both!That little brat and his hot mom!josu: Yup!ange: I need to either get the cap offange: or break open this bottle, somehow...ange: He's...ryo: I'm home. You really feel it when you work the night shift at my age.ange: Higashikata...main: ,Come to think of it, it's the same name.ange: So this is Officer Higashikata's house.ange: I haven't seen him since I was .Talk about memories.ange: I know everything about you!ryo: Freeze.ryo: Josuke, why aren't you at school?josu: Are you allowed to take your g*n home, Gramps?ryo: Oh, shush! Answer me.josu: I-I'm going! I'm just waiting for someone.ryo: You fool. This is just a model g*n.ryo: You scaredy-cat.ryo: I guess I win the first round in our weekly contest to scare each other.josu: Yeah, yeah. I lose.ryo: Hm? What's wrong? You're not even trying to argue this time.josu: Nothing. Mom already left.main: ,You should go to bed. You're tired, aren't you?tvnew: Now, our next story.sign: News Bureausign:  Bodies Found In Parkannouncertop,tvnew: The number of strange deaths occurringannouncertop,tvnew: due to the center of the eye or earannouncertop: ,being destroyed has risen to seven as of this morning.tvnew: The police are trying to get to the bottom of these bizarre deaths,tvnew: which have only occurred in Morioh.announcer: ,They're trying to determine if theywere caused by illness or accident.ryo: I've heard about this.ryo: It definitely reeks of foul play to me.ryo: I can't help but feel like someone really dangerous is hiding in this city.josu: Gramps...tvcm: Morioh's masterpiece, beef tongue in miso.josu: He's here...ange: I know you well, Higashikata.ange: After you finish your night shift, you always enjoy a sh*t of brandy.jojo: Josuke, grab the bottle and get in the car.jojo: Let's take it somewhere isolated.josu: Right.josu: G-Gramps...aqua: Josuke Higashikata, this is all your fault!aqua: It's all your fault for not keeping your eyes on me.aqua: You got too cocky!aqua: It cheers me upaqua: when I see cocky guys step into the depths of despair!aqua: That was close! That power is incredible...aqua: You're still being cocky!aqua: I'll k*ll you, whatever it takes!main: ,You hear? Whatever it takes!josu: Gramps opened the cap on the bottle.josu: But there's nothing to worry about.josu: It's just a minor wound. My Stand can easily...josu: All fixed.josu: It can't be...josu: He should wake up.josu: My Stand can heal wounds.josu: I've done it lots of times since I was a kid.josu: I even fixed my friend's broken bone...josu: Hey, Gramps! I'm gonna be madif you're messing around.josu: Did you really fall asleep because you had the night shift?josu: You don't need to try to scare me anymore!josu: Gramps! Gramps!jojo: Josuke...josu: The wound's been completely...jojo: It can be said that humans live by destroying.jojo: In the midst of all that, your power is kinder than anything else.jojo: But once a life is taken,main: ,it doesn't come back.jojo: No matter the Stand, it can't bring it back.josu: For  years, he protected this city as a police officer.josu: He sensed the danger here,main: ,and when he heard news aboutjosu: murders that sounded like Angelo's work,josu: he had the eyes of a man who was protecting his city.jojo: Angelo has k*lled many.jojo: There must be several bodies of people from this citymain: ,that haven't been found yet.jojo: There's no reason for his murders.jojo: It's a hobby to him.jojo: And he'll keep k*lling, I'm sure.jojo: He's probably going to start by k*lling you and your mom.josu: I'll...josu: I'll protect this city andmy mom in his place.josu: No matter what happens.signtop: Asigntop: Aquasigntop: Aqua Nesigntop: Aqua Necsigntop: Aqua Necksigntop: Aqua Necklasigntop: Aqua Necklacesignbot: Ansignbot: Anjusignbot: Anjurosignbot: Anjuro Katasignbot: Anjuro Katagirinar: The funeral has ended,and his uniform hangs in the closet.nar: And behind it, the shoes, socks, shirts, and pants of a middle-aged man,nar: who would say, "What? This is what I like,"are neatly folded and lined up.nar: But eventually, they will probably be disposed of.nar: Because, despite his daughterinternal/narrator: ,not wanting to throw them away since they hold such dear memories,nar: no one will ever wear them again.koi: Josuke probably doesn't want to see anyone right now.jojo: Everything but canned drinksand foods is dangerous,jojo: so don't consume anything else.jojo: How's your mom?josu: I had her go to a relative's house after the funeral.josu: Good idea. She can come back after we kick Angelo's ass.josu: I'm not annoyed or anything.main: ,I just got a little worked up for a moment.josu: I'm calm. Completely calm.jojo: Calm, huh?jojo: Well, this is your furniture,main: ,so it's up to you if you wantto take out your anger on it.jojo: By the way, that scar on your lip...jojo: That's from when I punched you.jojo: Can't your Stand heal your wounds?josu: My Stand can't heal my own wounds.jojo: What if his Stand enters your body and starts tearing things up from the inside?josu: I'd probably die.josu: If it invades me, I lose.ange: You're gonna try to trap my Stand in a bottle again?ange: That ain't happening again, Josuke. I know your powers very well now.ange: Tomorrow, or the day after tomorrow...ange: I'll wait patiently for my chance._____Days_Later,sign: —  Days Later —jojo: He's come this close to see what's going on...jojo: But these past three days,he hasn't made a single move.jojo: What's he waiting for?jojo: It's raining...jojo: Rain?aqua: What?main: ,I thought something seemed odd about you.main: ,So you're a Stand user, too?aqua: Well, whatever. I've been waiting for this moment.aqua: This house is now mine!main: ,You guys can't leave while it's raining!jojo: Josuke!josu: He was just here all of a sudden, boiling the water.josu: He's twisted the faucet, too.jojo: Angelo's Stand has entered the house.jojo: He wasn't waiting for you to drink the water.jojo: He was waiting for it to rain!jojo: His Stand can move in the rain... No.jojo: It can move freely in liquids.jojo: Josuke! Stay away from that kettle!jojo: The steam is him!josuke: This is just great.main: ,We can't capture him in the bottle.jojo: Stay away from the steam.If you inhale that, you're in trouble.jojo: Get out of the kitchen.josu: About that... It seems like it won't even do any good to get out of here.josu: Angelo has already made several holes in the roof.josu: So it's dangerous to go upstairs,obviously, or outside.josu: This is just great...jojo: I never would have thought a powermain: ,that uses water could be this terrifying.jojo: He's pretty smart.jojo: What's so funny? We're trapped.jojo: Hey!josu: I mean, Jotaro...josu: The guy who k*lled my Gramps is this close.josu: This is just great!ange: Now, then. Let's finish this.jojo: Now, Josuke...jojo: How would youjojo: slip out of this situation?josu: Slip out?josu: I wouldn't quite word it like that.josu: I would break out!josu: Hurry, this way!josu: The wall's going to go back to normal.jojo: Good grief.josu: Well, we've blocked the steam...jojo: The humidifier!jojo: Josuke!aqua: I've won! Just as I thought, Josuke!aqua: I knew you'd break through the wall and come into this room!jojo: !ange: When horse races or test answers end up exactly as I expect,ange: I can't help but feel lucky from the bottom of my heart and laugh.ange: It just bubbles out!jojo: Josuke!josu: What Angelo just said is wrong, Jotaro.jojo: Josuke?josu: Even when things end up exactly as I expect,I don't feel like laughing...josu: Not when it comes to Angelo.jojo: That's...josu: Got it. Sorry, it's a bit gross.josu: I shredded up a rubber gloveand swallowed it beforehand.jojo: I see. It appears the user's body is over there.angel: Sh-!josu: So you're...jojo: ...Angelo.ange: !ange: Y-You guys aren't going to k*ll me, are you?!ange: Sure, I'm an escaped death row inmate.ange: But just because I was foundguilty by Japanese lawange: doesn't mean you guys have the right to judge me!ange: Josuke! I k*lled your grandpa,but you have no right to k*ll me!ange: If you k*ll me, you'll end up a cursed soul, just like me!josu: Don't go telling people what they can and can't do.ange: M-M-My right hand! My hand!josu: No one's going to execute you.josu: Not me, and not Jotaro, either.josu: You're not going to be ex*cuted,main: ,and you're not going back to jail.jojo: Josuke, I'll leave the rest to you.ange: Wh-What do you plan to do with me, you?!josu: Repent for eternity, Angelo!main: ,For all of those you k*lled, including my Gramps!josu: You're gonna live forever in the city my Gramps protected.nar: The Angelo Stone.sign: Morioh City Landmark The Angelo Stone Directions  One minute's walk from Morioh City Johzenji Street Bus Stop #nar: The Angelo Stone is known as a landmark,nar: and a place where lovers meet.topinternal: ,It's admired by the people of the city,nar: despite its creepy appearance.jojo: He really is pretty crazy.jojo: Good grief...
